1 In this commercial inspired by James Bond movies, a spy infiltrates a train carrying his secret weapon of 007 colognes and deodorants. The spy then defeats the evil mastermind and wins the affection of a beautiful woman. The narrator warns the viewer that anyone that uses the product will have a license to kill women. 
2 An advertisement for the 1959 Ford automobile in which an animated dog advocates for the car while he washes it. Submitted for Clio Awards category Autos.
3 An advertisement for a 1959 Mercury automobile in which a spokesperson demonstrates the quality of the car's enamel by exposing the car to various stimuli, including fire, oil, detergent, water, and gravel.  Submitted for Clio Awards category Autos.
4 An advertisement for a 1960 Mercury automobile in which the car takes a fantasy trip to Jamaica, where it travels around the country and the Jamaican population performs labor and sings a jingle for the Mercury during a celebration. Submitted for Clio Awards category Autos.
5 An advertisement for a 1960 Plymouth automobile in which a salesperson describes the car's capabilities while offscreen a series of sound effects play to create interest. Submitted for Clio Awards category Autos.
6 This is a compilation of advertisements from the Clio Awards collection.
7 A narrator explains how GTA farmers use the Mississippi River to transport their grain to market.
8 An animated advertisement for 3M in which a man in an office tries to avoid social interactions by camouflaging as various objects around him. An offscreen male narrator talks about how workers in many jobs learn that they should stay out of sight and not contribute much in order to stay out of trouble, but 3M encourages employee collaboration and input. The ad concludes with the man being asked for his input on a project, at which point he stops camouflaging himself and begins collaborating. One of the winners of the 1971 Clio Awards.
9 An advertisement for 4711 Original Eau de Cologne in which a jingle plays over various scenes of people biking, picnicking, sitting at cafes, and doing office work. Submitted for the Clio Awards International category. 
10 A woman applies 48 Hour Cologne Deodorant after her shower which allows her to be admire as she walks through the streets. A jingle is sung, and a narrator talks about the benefits of using the cologne. 
11 An advertisement for 5 Day Deodorant Pads in which an offscreen male narrator describes how the pads more effectively cover the armpit with antiperspirant than do roll-on, cream, and spray deodorants. The effectiveness of the different deodorant types is visualized with white paint lines across a black background. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
12 A woman emerges from a bath and lists the various benefits of using 5 Day Deodorant Pads.
13 A woman shares an article from the National Medical Association. The article states that the 5 Day deodorants are the most effect with protecting people from perspiration and odor. 
14 An advertisement for 7 Up in which a jingle plays over shots of animated graphics and live-action female dancers moving around a psychedelic backdrop of stars, bubbles, and lights. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
15 An advertisement for 7 Up in which an offscreen male narrator describes how the product "freshes up" one during a busy office workday. Shots of 7 Up bottles sitting in office and meeting settings are interspersed with stock footage from silent-era movies. Submitted for the Clio Awards. 
16 An advertisement for 7 Up in which an offscreen narrator describes the beverage as the perfect sandwich companion over shots of sandwich ingredients stacking atop one another on plates and young people dancing and drinking the product. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
17 An advertisement for 7 Up featuring the folk music group the Kingston Trio as cowboys in an old western town. The Trio sings about shooting a bartender after he serves them the wrong drink after they request 7 Up. One of the Trio ends up imprisoned in a chain gang as the other two drink bottles of 7 Up nearby. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
18 An advertisement for 7 Up featuring the folk music group the Kingston Trio in a small mountain town. The Trio sings about buying bottles of 7 Up from a woman selling them outside her shop. A man being chased by a law officer gives the officer some 7 Up to call a truce. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
19 An advertisement for 7 Up featuring the folk music group the Kingston Trio as circus promoters. The Trio sings to a crowd of patrons about a trapeze artist called "Lovely Louise." One of the trio climbs up a ladder to give Louise a 7 Up, only to fall off in shock upon discovering she looks like a man. Submitted for the Clio Awards. (Note: ad contains an instance of transphobia.)
20 An advertisement for 7 Up in which an offscreen male narrator describes the product's refreshing features over close-up shots of bottles of 7 Up on ice, an ingredient list on a bottle, and young people smiling and dancing. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
21 An advertisement for 7 Up in which an offscreen narrator describes how the product is the perfect refresher for a busy business executive's work day over humorously re-appropriated footage from silent-era films. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
22 An advertisement for 7 Up in which a man and woman are thwarted in their attempts to flirt with each other on a bus and a cafe, before finally meeting in their shared work office and going out to a restaurant. An offscreen narrator repeats how it is "always 7 Up time" and praises the qualities of the product as the man and woman drink bottles of 7 Up at the restaurant. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
23 An advertisement for 7 Up in which a narrator named Eloise talks about her routine for preparing lunch and a 7 Up before talking on the phone. Still sketches of Eloise by cartoonist George Clark accompany the narration. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
24 An advertisement for 7 Up in which an offscreen male narrator lists a variety of situations that are perfect for drinking the product, such as sightseeing, friend gatherings, barbecues, etc. Shots of 7 Up bottles in different home and recreational settings are interspersed with stock footage from silent-era movies. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
25 An advertisement for 7 Up in which an offscreen male narrator describes how the product quenches the thirst of suburban homeowners over various scenes of silent-era movie footage. Interspersed among the silent movie scenes are shots of family-size 7 Up bottles sitting in a fridge or standing on a table with glasses for serving. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
26 An advertisement for sugar-free 7 Up in which an offscreen narrator explains how the product is the latest stage in soft drink evolution. Submitted for the Clio Awards International category.
27 An advertisement for 7 Up in which an offscreen male narrator describes how the product is perfect for teenagers in various school and recreational settings. Shots of 7 Up bottles in beach, homework, and party contexts are interspersed with stock footage from silent-era movies. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
28 An advertisement for 7 Up chronicling a woman's life through still stencil portraits as she grows up from 1929 (the year that 7 Up debuted) through the early 1960s, set to the song "Thank Heaven for Little Girls." The ad concludes on an image of the woman entering a maternity ward, while an offscreen narrator urges the viewer to "stay tuned" to part two to find out whether she gives birth to a boy or girl. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
29 Part two of a two-part advertisement for 7 Up chronicling a woman's life through still stencil portraits from her birth in the early 1940s until her marriage in the 1960s, set to the song "Thank Heaven for Little Girls." An offscreen narrator describes how 7 Up has served three generations of consumers since 1929. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
30 An advertisement for Baskin-Robbins 31 Flavors ice cream in which a variety of animated characters try different flavors while a narrator describes the company's offerings.
31 An advertisement for Beatric Foods Meadow Gold ice cream in which a narrator drops scoops of three flavors of ice cream from the top of the Leaning Tower of Piza in order to determine the bounce quality of each variety, and a boy runs to the bottom and takes one of the scoops into a dish and eats it.
32 A stop motion commercial where a worker unloads a box from a crane. Inside the box is a seal of the Chambre Syndicale de France. 
33 This is a compilation of advertisements from the Clio Awards collection.
34 This is a compilation of advertisements from the Clio Awards collection.
35 This is a compilation of advertisements from the Clio Awards collection.
36 This advertisement depicts a young woman walking through an office as men take notice of her. The advertisement contains music and a man narrating the action and speaking to how Diet Pepsi has helped this young woman to be noticed.
37 The Daily Mail news correspondent Hugh Tomas and Jeffery Bligh provides live coverage of the Mariner 4 satellite and its mission to take pictures of Mars. The commercial advertises the Daily Mail’s ability to provide live coverage of news events 6,000 miles away and that their field correspondents who are oversea can have their article in the paper the following morning.
38 In a Christmas commercial for Esso, toddlers play in front of a Christmas tree as a narrator talks about the importance of Christmas. 
39 In a commercial for Hitachi, a jingle is sung as children wave and smile at the camera. 
40 An advertisement for Hood Lucky Lolly in which a boy eats the product, an ice cream bar with a lollipop in the middle, on the playground.
41 An advertisement for Hood Ice Cream in which a narrator describes the product over scenes of fruits and other ingredients being prepared for processing.
42 An advertisement for Lawson's Butter Pecan ice cream in which a narrator tells a man that he should do one remarkable thing each day and eat the product.
43 An advertisement for Maple Lane Chocolate Milk in which a narrator discusses how the product is made over scenes of people reaching for various chocolates.
44 In a commercial for Midland Bank, words are animated to illustrate their definitions which aids the narrator’s pitch and highlights different parts of financial terminology.
45 Two men dual with flintlock pistols. The dual ends in a draw as both bullets are stopped by a sheet of plexiglass. The commercial then shows plexiglass being used in commercial products and construction. 
46 An advertisement for Wesley's Quaker Made ice  cream in which a man eats the product and tells the viewer that they must taste it.
47 An advertisement for AC Oil Filters in which a male narrator, accompanied by music, talks about the oil AC "triple trapper" filters over animated images illustrating the various buts of debris and dirt that can enter into an engine. The narrator uses a slight sing song tone of voice. The advertisement ends with a jingle.
48 An advertisement for AC Spark Plugs in which a jingle is sung by a male voice in a rock n roll style. The singers sings a song describing AC spark plugs over images of various animated cars and spark plugs that look like rocket ships. A man at a drafting table draws diagrams of the spark plugs and "10,000," the number of miles when spark plugs need to be replaced.
49 A woman narrator encourages other women to use A1 steak sauce the next time their husbands barbecue and play cook.
50 An advertisement for ABC's television broadcast of the 1972 Summer Olympics spotlighting athletes performing various kinds of sports in front of a stark black background. An offscreen male narrator describes how two teams are traveling to the games: the athletes and ABC's exemplary sports reporting team. One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
51 Bradley Field, a reporter in Paris, visits famous French chef, Monsieur La Gran to see his new recipe. La Gran reveals that his new hamburger recipe is the result of using Adolph's Meat Tenderizer.
52 A narrator informs the audience that the future of America is tied to the development of computers. The narrator proclaims the computer as a thinking factory that will lead to new developments and improvements in society. These developments in technology comes at the cost of more research and education. 
53 A group of Middle Eastern woman dance in the desert as a western adventurer rides a camel. To demonstrate the moistness of the Aero Shave’s shaving cream the adventurer shaves in the arid desert. After receiving a clean shave, the adventurer and the dancers leave the desert together. 
54 An advertisement for Aetna life insurance in which a male narrator talks about features of the policies over scenes of a family looking through a scrapbook, the family speaking with an insurance agent, and Aetna employees working in an office. The narrator argues for the importance of a family's insurance policy matching its changing needs over time. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
55 An advertisement for Alcoa Aluminum for cars in which an animated dog and a family drive a car around as a male narrator discusses various parts of the car that are made out of aluminum. The narrator says that a man's new best friend is his car, not his dog. The dog hits the bumper of the car with a hammer to show how strong it is. 
56 An advertisement for Alcoa Aluminum in which a male narrator, accompanied by music, speaks about a Vogue fashion article which featured Kimberly brand clothes and cars made with Alcoa aluminum. Women in designers clothes model in front of various cars. The narrator talks about the wonders of aluminum.
57 A narrator explains how aluminum shocked audiences for its lightness at the 1855 Paris Exposition where it was introduced. The narrator goes on to explain aluminum different applications and it use in various products. 
58 A baby plays with the lid of a baby food jar. The commercial then transitions to a narrator explaining how Alcoa jars have quality lids which keeps the baby food fresh.
59 An advertisement for Alcoa aluminum in which a narrator describes the improvements the product makes, and a jingle plays. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
60 Wine bottles with Alcoa’s pilfer proof caps are open at a dinner, beach, train, and ski resort. A narrator explains how the caps keeps the beverages fresh for consumption. 
61 An advertisement for Alcoa aluminum in which a narrator sells a book commissioned by the company called "Schoolhouse," describing how education administrators can use Alcoa products to build new schools. Submitted for Clio Awards category Corporate.
62 The narrator explains to baby Mary Ann, how Alcoa aluminum caps are the best way to keep food fresh.
63 An advertisement for Alcoa aluminum in which a jingle plays over a short animation. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
64 A female narrator forecasts a bright future for aluminum as she lists recently developed products that contain aluminum. The commercial concludes with another narrator asking the viewers to choose Alcoa for all their aluminum needs.
65 A woman in a red coat sings about how welcoming Alexander's is and their's wide selection.
66 An advertisement for Alka-Seltzer in which a woman gives King Henry VIII the product to relieve an upset stomach following a wedding banquet. An offscreen male narrator describes the relieving properties of Alka-Seltzer as the king rises from his seat to dance after using it. One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
67 An advertisement for Allerest allergy tablets and time capsules presented by a man. The scene depicts various things, animals, and animal products that make you sneeze; each encounter is punctuated by a resounding sneeze sound effect. The scene ends with a close-up of the products and a loud sneeze.
68 A man sneezes when animals, dust, and ragweed are presented before him. A spokesman diagnoses the man with allergies and encourages the man and the audience to take Allerest to alleviate their allergies. 
69 An advertisement for Allstate homeowners insurance in which a narrator stands among the wreckage of a Texas house destroyed by Hurricane Carla in 1961 and interviews the owner of the house, Ben Hargis. Mr. Hargis describes his gratitude for his insurance compensation through Allstate and the speed with which he received a check. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
70 A man and a woman go for a car ride in the mountains before they pull off to the side to relax and smoke Alpine Cigarettes. 
71 An advertisement for Alpine cigarettes in which a narrator describes a man named Joe who is watching cigarette commercials and has trouble deciding which product he likes, until he sees an Alpine commercial and it is now his favorite. Submitted for Clio Awards category Tobacco Products and Supplies.
72 A chef shows the audience that he is able keep his food fresh and preserved by using aluminum cans and packaging. The chef also mentions how aluminum is used in agricultural and transportation industries.
73 A narrator talks about the vital role aluminum plays in the transportation industry. Footage of aluminum vehicles are shown. The narrator talks about how Aluminum Ltd. supplies the majority of the aluminum in the market and is the most active in aluminum research.
74 An advertisement for Amana Electric Appliances in which a narrator describes the brand's freezer and refrigerator manufacturing products. Submitted for Clio Awards.
75 Submitted for Clio Awards.
76 A werewolf flees from an angry village mob. The werewolf is able to escape by using Amazing razor lubricant to get a clean shave and disguises himself as a regular human. 
77 An advertisement for the AMC Pacer in which an offscreen male narrator describes how the vehicle is wide despite being small. The car's wideness is demonstrated when a full Chevy Nova is shown fitting comfortably into the Pacer's outer frame. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
78 Pictures of human hands are shown as a narrator explains how fragile and worn out human hands can be. The commercial then transitions to footage of American Machine & Foundry's automatic machines are shown doing jobs that used to be done by human hands. The narrator states how useful these machines can be to society.
79 A boy wakes up to find a new jet bike waiting for him. He then goes to fly model airplanes with his dad. As the boy goes home, he notices water skiers, scuba divers, and bowlers. In each scene and place the boy visit an American Machine & Foundry product is featured.
80 A narrator explains the values of having tools. He uses the example of how Henry VIII adopted the use of fork to show how tools improve life. The narrator concludes by telling the viewer that the greatest tool is profits and investments. 
81 A public service announcement for the American Cancer Society in which a doctor walks down a hospital corridor while addressing the camera about how money raised for cancer research is being spent. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
82 A public service announcement from the American Cancer Society in which a man buying cigarettes from a vending machine is juxtaposed with shots of casino games, rolling dice, and a horse race. The vending machine dispenses a carton of cigarettes as an offscreen male narrator states, "You lose." Submitted for the Clio Awards.
83 A public service announcement from the American Cancer Society in which a woman takes a shower while an offscreen female narrator urges viewers to give themselves a monthly breast self-examination. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
84 An advertisement for American Cyanamid Creslan apparel in which models pose in various Cyanamid garments at the New York Plaza Hotel. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
85 A public service announcement from the American Institute of Architects (AIA) in which the song "America the Beautiful" plays ironically over still images of trash, poverty, and destitution in an inner city ghetto. An offscreen male narrator says that if the viewer does not think the song and pictures go together, they need to "change the pictures." The narrator states that the AIA is "trying to" enact this change. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
86 An advertisement for American Machine and Foundry women's bowling league in which three women play a bowling game while a jingle describes the brand's triangle symbol. Submitted for Clio Awards category Corporate.
87 A blood bag is shown as a narrator informs the audience of the countless number of New Yorkers’ lives saved through the Red Cross. The narrator ends the commercial by asking the audience for their support.
88 A fire flickers as a narrator states how the Red Cross helps New Yorkers made homeless by fire. 
89 A narrator states how the greatest tragedy for people in need of help is indifference.   
90 A narrator explain how the Bell Telephone Company was instrumental in the Echo I project. The Echo I satellite allowed for the first wireless telephone call through a satellite. The narrator rejoices at this breakthrough in telecommunications and hypothesis about the future of communication.
91 An advertisement for Amigos Shoes in which an animated man in a sombrero sings a jingle describing the qualities of the product. Footage of the shoes being worn and cleaned illustrates how the one-piece plastic shoes are flexible and easily washable. Finalist for the 1961 Clio Awards.
92 An advertisement for Amoco Tires in which a man gets a flat tire at night while in a rain storm. He complains about his worn tires. A male narrator tells the man to get his tires where he gets his gas; the Amoco station. Various tires are displayed and the Amoco credit card.
93 A businessman can continue to work after taking Anacin pain relief for his headache.  
94 An advertisement for Andersen's canned soup in which an animated version of Robert "Pea Soup" Andersen discusses changing his nickname due to the brand's many products like cream of mushroom soup. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
95 An advertisement for Andersen's canned soup in which an animated version of Robert "Pea Soup" Andersen describes how the product is made and two twin mascots show the process. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
96 A public service announcement from the Anti-Defamation League in which a white man rants to the camera about his hatred for other (unnamed) groups, races, and religions. An offscreen narrator states that anyone who is not bothered by the man's statements is a bigot, while those who are disturbed are true Americans. An ending title card states that "prejudice is something America can do without." One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
97 An advertisement for Applaud hand lotion in which a male narrator describes the qualities of the product over images of a woman's hands doing various activities like playing the piano, caressing a baby, washing dishes, and applying the product. The narrator emphasizes how the moisturizing qualities of the product allow users to maintain their "womanly" softness. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
98 An advertisement for horse racing at Aqueduct Racetrack and Belmont Park in New York in which a thoroughbred horse is depicted growing from a child to a full-grown racehorse. An offscreen male narrator describes how the horse is bred and trained to become one of the fastest animals alive. One of the winners of the 1971 Clio Awards.
99 A public service announcement from the Atlantic Richfield oil company (ARCO) announcing their acquisition of Sinclair Oil and phasing out of Sinclair's dinosaur logo. The ad features an animation of a dinosaur telling an ARCO executive that he is retiring to live in Miami. As the dinosaur leaves, an offscreen male narrator states that the end of one era means the beginning of another. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
100 An advertisement for Arpege by Lanvin products, including a new natural spray perfume, depicting women hugging and showing affection toward men who gift them Arpege products. An offscreen male narrator describes the products, arguing that Arpege drives women "glad." Submitted for the Clio Awards.
101 An advertisement for Arpege natural spray by Lanvin in which a male narrator explains how the product bottle has no fizz and is all fragrance. The narrator states how Arpege drives women "glad" over an image of a couple kissing. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
102 A man and woman struggle to meet each other at a busy train station. They both are protected from perspiration because they used Arrid Spray Deodorant. 
103 A young man and woman struggle to meet each other at a busy train station. A narrator explains that Arrid is the choice deodorant for young people. 
104 An advertisement for Arrow apparel in which a man jumps on a trampoline to demonstrate the functionalities of the brand's "Decton" men's shirt. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
105 An advertisement for Arrow men's shirts in which a woman demonstrates the functionalities of the Dectolene product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
106 An advertisement for Arrow apparel in which a couple discovers the brand's "wash and wear" men's shirts and because no ironing is required the couple has more free time. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
107 An advertisement for Arrow men's shirts in which two stunt men fight while wearing the product to demonstrate its anti-wrinkle capabilities. The advertisement features stunt man Dick Dial, whose television roles included "Star Trek: The Original Series." Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
108 An advertisement for Artra moisture cream in which a male narrator extols the moisturizing qualities of the product over scenes of an African American couple dancing and a woman applying the cream in the mirror. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
109 An advertisement for AT&T telephone services that follows phone installer and repairman Abe Knowlton as he goes about his workday in the small towns of North Haven and Vinalhaven, Maine. Abe narrates about the satisfaction of being a small-town repairman and an off-screen male narrator describes how phone workers across the U.S. keep services running even in remote locations. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
110 A narrator talks about the new machine developed by Bell Telephone Company that allow people to have three-way calls, have work calls forward to a person home phone, and remember frequently used phone numbers.
111 An advertisement for AT&T Bell Telephone Services in which a narrator describes the process AT&T uses to transmit a studio image to a home television, and how the company uses the same technology for other services. Submitted for Clio Awards category Corporate.
112 An advertisement for Aunt Jemima Choc-o-Chip Easy Mix in which an offscreen narrator describes a woman's internal debate about wanting to bake something but not wanting to clean dishes. The narrator states that the mixing bag and baking pan included with the mix eliminate the need for dishes. A female vocalist sings a jingle over shots of finished brownies on a table. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
113 An advertisement for Aunt Jemima Gingerbread Easy-Mix in which an offscreen narrator describes a woman's internal debate as she looks at herself in a mirror about wanting to bake something but not wanting to clean dishes. The narrator explains how the mixing bag and baking pan included with the produce eliminate the need for dishes. A female vocalist sings a jingle over shots of finished gingerbread squares on a table. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
114 An advertisement for Aunt Jemima pancake mixes in which a woman prepares a snack of pancakes and sausages for friends as they sit by a fireplace after coming indoors from the cold. An offscreen narrator describes the process for cooking sausage pieces into pancake mix on the griddle over close-up shots of the meal being cooked. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
115 An advertisement for Aunt Jemima pancake and waffle mix in which a women serves a group of children at a birthday party a treat of waffles and ice cream. An offscreen narrator extols the product over a close-up of waffles being made in a waffle maker. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
116 An advertisement for Aunt Jemima apple pancake and corncake mixes, in which an offscreen male narrator describes the products over shots of apple orchards and corn fields and close-ups of pancakes being served. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
117 An advertisement for Aunt Jemima apple pancake mix in which an offscreen male narrator describes the product over shots of an apple orchard and close-ups of pancakes being served. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
118 An advertisement for Aunt Jemima buttermilk pancake mix in which a father and son creep to the kitchen to try to make breakfast, only for mother to announce that she's preparing Aunt Jemima's. An offscreen narrator extols the qualities of the product over shots of the mother cooking bacon and pancakes on a griddle. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
119 An advertisement for Aunt Jemima corncake mix in which an offscreen male narrator describes the product over shots of corn fields and close-ups of pancakes being served. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
120 An advertisement for Aunt Jemima pancake mix in which a young boy begs his father to wake up so that his mother can start cooking pancakes. An offscreen narrator states that even pancakes made from scratch rarely match the quality of Aunt Jemima's over shots of mother and son cooking the pancakes on a griddle and the family eating them at the table. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
121 An advertisement for Aunt Jemima pancake mix in which a woman prepares the pancakes for her family and encourages her initially skeptical husband to top them with strawberry preserves rather than syrup. An offscreen narrator states how the product is "good with so many" different toppings over shots of the family eating the pancakes. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
122 Children play on a playground before rushing inside to eat Aunt Jemima pancakes. As the children eat pancakes a jingle is sung about the different ways to cook and eat Aunt Jemima pancakes. 
123 An advertisement for Aunt Jemima Pancake and Waffle Mix accompanied by a jingle sung by children to the tune of "Yellow Bird." The scene depicts children eating pancakes prepared in different ways. The scene ends with a man narrating and a close-up of the product and a "Q" that represents the Quaker Oats Company.
124 A group sings a jingle explaining the benefits of Autolite Sparkplugs. Different illustrations and animations provide visual representation of the jingle lyrics. 
125 A Christmas commercial where a family of four rings bells as Avon products fall from the sky. The falling products include items for the mother, father, son, and daughter. The commercial transition to an Avon saleswomen showing a mother and daughter Avon cosmetic products.
126 A woman applies the various Avon makeup products while a narrator explains each one.
127 The commercial showcase all of Avon's moisturize products as a woman model them.
128 An advertisement for Avon in which a female narrator, accompanied by music, describes Avon Christmas gifts for children (both boys and girls). The ad concludes with an Avon representative visiting a home to discuss products with a mother and her children. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
129 An advertisement for Avon's Somewhere fragrance in which a female narrator, accompanied by music, describes the product as it is displayed by a woman in a cloud setting. The advertisement ends with an Avon representative visiting with the woman in her home. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
130 The commercial opens with shots of men performing different recreational hobbies. The commercial then transitions to footage of Avon colognes contained in decanters in the shape of different hobbies and interests. The narrator encourages women to buy an Avon product for their significant other this Christmas. 
131 The commercial opens with shots of men performing different recreational hobbies. The narrator states that there is an Avon after shave and cologne for every man. Footage of an Avon salesperson showing a housewife an Avon catalog is also shown as the narrator speaks. 
132 An advertisement for Avon's Skin So Soft bath oil depicting a woman pouring a bottle of the product into a forest lake and taking a bath in an outdoor bathtub. An offscreen female narrator extols the beautifying qualities of the product and encourages the viewer to ask for more detail from their Avon representative. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
133 A narrator compares Aziza eye cosmetics to a cougar's "dangerous" eyes. It then shows a women modeling the product while lounging in Middle Eastern/Northern African stylized clothes and bed.
134 An advertisement for BA automobile service station in which an animated mechanic dances around and shows off pictures of car parts while a female voice sings a BA jingle. Jingle and dialogue are in French.
135 An advertisement for BA automobile service station in which a mechanic inspects a can while a jingle plays. A male narrator can be heard speaking about the product. Jingle and narration are in French.
136 An advertisement for B.F. Goodrich products in which an animated dog describes how B.F. Goodrich rubber and vinyl affects the American home. Submitted for Clio Awards category Corporate.
137 An advertisement for B.F. Goodrich tires in which comedian Joan Rivers stands in front of a car and addresses the camera about how she personally knows nothing about tires, but the specialists at B.F. Goodrich do. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
138 An advertisement for BF Goodrich Trailmaker snow tires in which a male narrator discusses the product as cars drive around in snow. The advertisement starts with a car driving through a giant plate of ice. The narrator appears on screen near the end to talk about the new low price of Trailmaker tires.
139 The commercial shows footage of various British citizens and aspects of British culture. The commercial concludes with the shot of a B.O.A.C airplane and a spokesperson advertising the low rate for a New York to London round trip flight. 
140 A coconut is cracked open with a machete. The narrator states that the only way to get fresher coconut flakes. Then the film shows coconut flakes being used on a variety of desserts.
141 An advertisement for Baker's fine-grated coconut in which a young girl looks into an empty cookie jar before her mother presents a plate of coconut macaroons. The girl happily eats the macaroons while an offscreen narrator describes the benefits of the coconut product, accompanied by shots of cookies being prepared. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
142 Shows a woman grating a coconut by hand as the narrator states, "that's just about the only way you can by grated coconut fresher than Baker's Fine Grated Coconut." The narrator encourages the audience to make macaroons with Baker's chocolate chips. 
143 An advertisement for Ballantine Beer in which a male narrator, accompanied by music, speaks about the product. Ballantine beer is poured into glasses in front of images of waving fields of grain. A chorus of men sing a jingle.
144 An advertisement for Ballantine Beer in which a male narrator speak about the product, accompanied by music. Farm equipment is shown harvesting in fields of grain as farm workers tend the fields. Ballantine beer is poured into glasses in front of images of waving fields of grain.
145 An advertisement for Ballantine Beer in which a jingle is sung while a man and woman are out fishing.
146 An advertisement for Ballantine Beer in which an animated family man returns into the house after working outdoors. He sing a little bit as he searches for a Ballantine been in the refrigerator. He yells for his wife Ellen who shows him it’s in the door. Then a male narrator speaks about the product as an outdoor scene is pictured and a jingle is sung.
147 An advertisement for Ballantine Beer in which a male narrator invites viewers to a "golden harvest ball, western style." Country music plays as people square dance to a jingle about Ballantine Beer.
148 An advertisement for Ballantine Beer in which a male voice sings a jingle asking, "Who is the Ale Man?" A man is pictured underwater diving and then shown sitting at his desk pouring a Ballantine Beer. The man, Eugene Burdick, is noted as an explorer and novelist. Then he walks around socializing at a beach side balcony party.
149 An advertisement for Ballantine Beer in which a group of couples singing a jingle gather with a picnic basket full of beer. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
150 A woman asks her husband if her dreams will come true if she switches to ban deodorant. The husband replies that he doesn’t know but his dream will. 
151 A football player is able to score a lot of touchdowns because he doesn’t use Ban deodorant. As soon as he switches to Ban deodorant, he gets tackled because he no longer smells. 
152 A wife gives her husband a can of Ban Spray Deodorant for his birthday, and he is able to complete a whole day of work smelling fresh. 
153 A magician doesn’t wear Ban deodorant which cause his assistant to ask him to do his disappearing act. 
154 A teenager’s girlfriend is upset with him because he ruined their movie date by not wearing Ban Deodorant. 
155 A man loses his girlfriend to another man because he didn’t use Ban spray deodorant.
156 A politician asks the narrator how Ban Spray Deodorant will help his campaign for governor. The narrator replies that he is running in a very small state. 
157 A woman hopes the Ban Spray Deodorant she bought will work and her husband shares the same sentiment. 
158 An advertisement for Ban-Lon Wearing Apparel knit wear in which a square dance caller describes the product while four couples dance various movements. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
159 Two stacks of books are shown. The taller one represent the amount of books you can get from Barnes and Noble for $65.00 while the smaller stack represent $65.00 at an ordinary bookstore.
160 An advertisement for Barney's department store in which an offscreen male narrator praises the influence of the British on men's fashion over a montage of historical images of British men in vests, Chesterfield coats, blazers, trench coats, and cardigans. The narrator extols Barney's as the men's store best continuing this tradition over a shot of a contemporary man in a suit. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
161 The narrator recounts times in history in which people were ostracized for their fashion. The narrator then states that Barney's caters to all types of fashion. A tuxedo waiter tries to stop a man from entering the restaurant for not wearing a suit until the man reveals to the waiter that he is the owner of the restaurant.
162 An American rancher, Turkish pasha, Japanese diplomat, and Bulgarian basketball player all return home with suits from Barney.
163 An advertisement for Barney's department store in New York City depicting a man who has his clothing choices determined throughout his life by his mother, schoolmates, commanding officer, and store clerks. An offscreen male narrator describes how Barney's allows you to "dress yourself" over shots of the man entering the store and choosing an outfit that fits his own preferences. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
164 Well dressed New Yorkers slowly form a line outside of Barney waiting for the store to open for Barney's warehouse sale.
165 An advertisement for Nabisco Baronet packaged cookies in which a branded merry-go-round is used to demonstrate the product's ingredients while a woman sings about it. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
166 An advertisement for Beck's beer in which a man serving the product says that no other beer has a better reputation in Germany.
167 An advertisement for Belair cigarettes in which a narrator describes a recessed filter the user will never taste while two youths smoke and lounge by a pool of water. Submitted for Clio Awards category Tobacco Products and Supplies.
168 A spokesperson for Bell & Howell shows how Bell & Howell equipment is used in space satellites and spaceships.
169 An advertisement for Bell Brand packaged potato chips in which a man asks a woman if she would like to hear a song and he sings about the product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
170 A man and a woman light each other’s Belvedere cigarettes. 
171 An advertisement for Belvedere cigarettes in which a blindfolded prisoner is marched to a firing squad. The male narrator asks the man if he smokes Belvedere because of the instant-gift coupon in the pack and he responds, "I smoke em' because I like em." Then a general ask for the instant-gift coupon and sounds of gun shots are heard; cut to the pack of cigarettes with the narrator saying, "...please smoke Belvedere. He would have wanted it that way."
172 An advertisement for Belvedere cigarettes in which a male narrator tells a man that Belvedere is including a coupon in some packs of cigarettes. The man is folding up his coupon into a paper airplane while talking to the narrator telling him he smokes the cigarettes because he likes them. At the end of the commercial the man throws his paper airplane out the window while yelling "...just look at the baby fly!"
173 An advertisement for Belvedere cigarettes in which a male narrator tells a man that Belvedere is including a coupon in some packs of cigarettes. The man is folding up his coupon into a paper airplane while talking to the narrator telling him he smokes the cigarettes because he likes them. At the end of the commercial the man throws his paper airplane out the window while yelling "...just look at the baby fly!"
174 An advertisement for Belvedere cigarettes in which an older, well-dressed woman finds an instant-gift coupon in a pack of Belvederes. The narrator lists many of the possible awards that could be won. The woman says she doesn't I smoke Belvederes because of the coupons, rather, she says,  "I smoke them because I like them."
175 An advertisement for Betsy McCall dolls in which a jingle plays as images of the doll in various settings frame the outline of a dancing woman. A teenage girl addresses the camera about the many fashion accessories available for the doll line. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
176 A mother takes cares of her son’s cut and toothache but is unaware of his poor eyesight. A narrator informs parents about the importance of having their children receive regular eye care. 
177 An advertisement for Betty Crocker packaged foods in which two business men discuss how to market instant mashed potatoes only to use the secretary's slogan and claim it as their own. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
178 An advertisement for Betty Crocker's marble cake and frosting mixes, in which an offscreen male narrator extols the products over close-up shots of cake being prepared and served under a theatrical spotlight. A jingle plays about how "it's so nice to have a cake around the house." Submitted for the Clio Awards.
179 An advertisement for Betty Crocker cake mix in which angel food cake is prepared and served on a table beside a candelabra. An offscreen male narrator describes the taste and texture of the cake over close-up shots of it being mixed and cut. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
180 An advertisement for Betty Crocker milk chocolate and toasted coconut cake mixes in which an offscreen narrator describes the taste and texture of the cakes over shots of the finished cakes sitting next to chocolate bars and coconut shavings. An offscreen chorus sings a jingle about how "it's so nice to have a cake around the house." Submitted for the Clio Awards.
181 An advertisement for Betty Crocker cake mixes in which a woman, identified by an offscreen narrator as Betty Crocker, addresses the camera about the moist and fresh qualities of the company's new country kitchen style products. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
182 An advertisement for Betty Crocker velvet cream cake mix in which both an offscreen male narrator and a female narrator identified as Betty Crocker discuss the product over scenes of cakes being prepared. An offscreen chorus sings a jingle about how "it's so nice to have a cake around the house." Submitted for the Clio Awards.
183 An advertisement for Betty Crocker buttermilk pancake mix in which a western country ballad plays over a scene of a triangle dinner bell being rung and a family gathering to eat pancakes outdoors. An offscreen male narrator describes the product over close-up shots of pancakes being prepared and served. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
184 Footage is shown of a festival in Valencia, Spain and a Valencian chef cooking a traditional rice dish. A narrator then states how the viewer can try the same Valencian rice dish by buying a Betty Crocker’ Rice with Valenciana Sauce box.
185 An advertisement for "Betty Crocker Rice with Valenciana Sauce" narrated by a woman accompanied by Spanish style music. The scene depicts a major fiesta in Valencia, Spain and a chef making Spanish style rice, and ends with a close-up of the product.
186 Opens with a shot of the Egyptian Sphinx and the statement that safflower oil has been handed down through the centuries. The narrator states how safflower oil has unsaturated fat instead of saturated fats.
187 An advertisement for Bic banana pens in which a mother unsuccessfully attempts to write a letter to her son using various types of fruit before finally using a Bic pen. An offscreen male narrator describes the product and makes humorous commentary about the mother's efforts to write with fruit. One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
188 An advertisement for Billy the Bounce toys in which an offscreen narrator enthusiastically describes the uses for the product over sped-up footage of two kids bouncing, playing, swimming, and balancing atop the toys. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
189 An advertisement for Binaca breath spray in which a jingle plays over close-up shots of various people using the product and reacting with delight. An offscreen male narrator notes that the product also comes in drops and frosty mint flavor. One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
190 An advertisement for Birdseye packaged foods in which a narrator describes the brand's frozen peas with pearl onions. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
191 An advertisement for Birdseye packaged foods in which a a narrator describes the American origin of the brand's french fries despite the name. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
192 An advertisement for Birdseye packaged foods in which a narrator describes how the brand makes their frozen green beans. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
193 An advertisement for Bisquick baking mixes in which a woman in an apron describes and prepares pancake mix while in front of a large background projection of a stack of syrupy pancakes. A jingle plays over shots of animated pixie dust dancing between pancakes and other breakfast foods on a table. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
194 An advertisement for Bisquick baking mixes in which a woman in an apron describes and prepares a shortcake mix while in front of a large background projection of strawberry shortcake. A jingle plays over shots of shortcakes on a table. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
195 An advertisement for Carling's Black Label Lager Beer in which male voices sing a jingle, accompanied by music, while a group of men watch baseball and cheer their team, often whistling and saying "MABEL!"
196 An interviewer tries to interview a man that uses Yardley Black Label products.  The interview is hinder because the man is swamped by women seeking his affection. 
197 An advertisement for Blatz Beer in which animated three musketeers dressed as a bottle, a can, and a keg, sword fight as a male narrator recites a riddle. The advertisement ends with a jingle.
198 An advertisement for Blatz Beer featuring actor Bert Lahr as an archaeologist reading hieroglyphic illustrations of beer on a pyramid wall. The illustrations become animated and sing a jingle. Submitted for the Clio Awards. 
199 An advertisement for Blatz Beer in which an animated bottle of beer sings and marches around explaining the new smaller shape of Blatz bottles. 
200 Color is gradually added to a black and white drawing of a woman's face in an advertisement for Bloomingdale's cosmetics. 
201 Color is gradually added to a black and white drawing of a woman's face in an advertisement for Bloomingdale's fragrance.
202 Advertisement for a new Bloomingdale store in White Flint, Maryland, which became the second Bloomindale's location in Maryland.
203 A man with a Rolls Royce announces the new Bloomingdale in White Flint, Maryland.
204 Noticing an ad in the newspaper for the new Bloomingdale in White Flint, Maryland, a man rips up the ad in fear of his wife finding out.
205 A woman dressed in a firefighter costume tells viewers how to set their bedroom on fire with Bloomingdale's bedsheet sale.
206 An advertisement for vision plans from Blue Cross Blue Shield of Northeast Ohio in which two people with poor vision struggle to get through a dinner date together. An offscreen male narrator describes the benefits of the plans. One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
207 An advertisement for Blue Seal packaged bread in which a cashier delightfully squeezes the bread in a supermarket while customers watch in shock. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
208 An advertisement for Blue Seal packaged bread in which a woman delightfully squeezes the bread in a supermarket. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
209 A teenage girl talks about how Du Lundi Body Mist Spray Deodorant is a perfect fit for her and it allows her to tune out the rest of her family.
210 An advertisement for Bond glue in which a gymnast demonstrates the strength of the glue by using it to hold together a broken gymnastics ring during an exercise. Submitted for the Clio Awards International category. 
211 An advertisement for Boon Rawd Brewery beer in which shots of the product being poured into a glass are interspersed with shots of landscapes, clouds, and rainfall. Narration and text in Thai. Submitted for the Clio Awards International category. 
212 A family play a clapping game as a narrator explains that Boraxo hand soap is the perfect hand soap for the family.
213 A hero sandwich is built in stop motion animation with jazz background music. The sandwich construction stops and then resumes, as Borden's fresh egg mayonnaise with extra yokes is added as the finishing touch.
214 An advertisement for Bourjois Christmas beauty gifts in which a male narrator describes different Bourjois products for women and girls. A couple watches a mime in a shop window as he exhibits Bourjois products. The couple walks away smiling at one another. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
215 A Christmas commercial where a French actress, Genevieve, sings about Bourjois' Evening in Paris with the Arc de Triomphe in the background.
216 America's favorite French girl, Genevieve, presents Bourjois' cologne as French women favorite cologne. Cologne bottles are placed on a turntable revolving around the Eiffel Tower.
217 Footage of a cow stampede is intermixed with shots of Bovril meat extract being used in several dishes. 
218 Danny Thomas reflects on his positive experience as a kid attending a Boys’ Club and urge the viewers to remember the time they spent as kids at a Boys’ Club and support the next generation kids by supporting a Boys’ Club. 
219 A group of girls play a game called Mystery Date. In the game the player has to prepare for date, but they don’t where the date is going take place or who it is going to be with.
220 A woman dressed in a matador costume applies Bravura cologne to a man face. The two then kiss and roses are thrown onto the stage.  
221 A woman speaks words in Spanish and a man repeats them in English. As the woman says regalo she hands him a bottle of Bravura after shave. 
222 An advertisement for Breck shampoos narrated by a man, accompanied by music, who praises the products. The scene depicts dissolves between a close-up of a "Breck girl" tossing her hair and a man and the same woman who's tossing her hair driving in a convertible at night. The scene ends with a close-up of the Breck shampoos "for dry, normal, and oily hair."
223 A couple drives in a convertible at night which allows the woman’s hair to flow in the wind. As they drive a narrator explains the benefits of using Breck Shampoos. 
224 An advertisement for Breyer's Natural Strawberry ice cream in which a narrator describes the ingredients that go into the product.
225 Classical music plays as popular suits for each year are shown from 1968-78.
226 Classical music plays while different suits are shown and the narrator tells the audience about a sale that occurs only 20 times in a decade.
227 An advertisement for British Airways in which a Paul Revere-like man on horseback rides around through an English village shouting, "The Americans are coming!" Actor Robert Morley addresses the camera about travel deals and sightseeing locations around the United Kingdom, noting their connections with the Founding Fathers for the U.S. 1976 bicentennial. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
228 An advertisement for the British Overseas Airways Corporation that shows all the charms of "Britain and her people," as narrated by a man with a British accent. The advertisement emphasizes the reasons to fly to London from New York and ends with an image of a grounded airplane and the acronym B.O.A.C.
229 A man wearing a tuxedo escort a medieval lady on horseback through a castle. The camera then pans to a bottle of British Sterling Cologne presented on a silver plate. A narrator states that the cologne will make any man a legend. 
230 A customer pulls up to a British American Oil Gas Station and receives a friendly reception and quality customer service. 
231 An advertisement for Broadview Savings in which a puppet tells the viewer they will be able to visit Echo Valley if they save money at the organization. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
232 An advertisement for Broadview Savings in which a puppet attempts to make a dog tell the viewer they will save money using the organization's services. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
233 An advertisement for Brodies Mufflers in which two animated mufflers sing a jazz-style song about the product. One muffler is a Brodies and tells the other muffler about how quite they are and how easy they are to install.
234 As a football team enters the field, the football players explain how they all switch back to using Brylcreem Hair Dressing because of the natural looks it gives their hair. The commercial ends with a cheerleader agreeing the Brylcreem looks the best on the football players. 
235 Couples enjoy Buckingham King Cigarettes as they play music, relax on the beach, and work on woodworking. 
236 An advertisement for Budweiser in which four men play a card game around a table. One of the men declares he has a hand of five kings and proceeds to lay out four kings on the table, followed by a bottle of Budweiser as the fifth "king." An offscreen male narrator encourages the viewer to make the product their regular, "special" beer. One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
237 An advertisement for Budweiser beer in which a man tries to demonstrate the product but someone keeps taking the bottle out of his hand. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
238 An advertisement for Budweiser Beer in which two performers sing and dance onstage urging viewers to "pick a pair" and purchase two Budweiser six-packs at once. Submitted for the Clio Awards. 
239 An advertisement for Budweiser beer in which a man prepares a toy tricycle in his garage for his child's birthday. The man joins a woman in the kitchen for a Budweiser as they both prepare sandwiches. An offscreen male narrator talks about how "where there's life, there's Bud." Submitted for the Clio Awards.
240 An advertisement for Budweiser beer in which a man and woman drink Bud with their evening meal after a day shown unpacking and moving into their new house. An offscreen chorus sings a jingle about how "where there's life, there's Bud." Submitted for the Clio Awards. 
241 An advertisement for Budweiser beer in which a man begins to demonstrate the product but finds someone drank the beer. Submitted for Clio Awards Category Short Spots.
242 An advertisement for Bugles snack food in which a narrator describes the plot by potato chips to keep Bugles away from consumers in the supermarket.
243 Members of a family look outside their windows with excitement and joy when they see a Buick in front of their house. The two younger kids and the teenager with the parents go outside to look more at the Buick. In a quick cut they are all suddenly in the car along with their Saint Bernard dog. They drive around in the Buick together and all fit comfortably as they enjoy a family trip in the car. When they come back home they all pause on their porch to smile at the Buick. An announcer talks about the benefits of the car. 
244 We see each decade of Buick car with the same man driving it who has a period-specific suit and facial hair to fit the car. The announcer talks about how each period had a specific use and innovation to the time. All cars are driving together staggered from oldest to newest in the desert. Then the new Buick car drives in front of all of them with the other cars driving all together in a straight line behind. As the driver talks about the greatness of the new car his double appears riding on the top part of the backseat and adds a note about the car too. Both of them wave to the camera.
245 A band on risers begins performing with their silhouettes shown. A spotlight is on the harpist who is sitting in a chair below everyone else and we see the percussionist who is hitting some cymbals. Gradually light fills the whole space and the camera pans across all the musicians on the risers in their instrument sections as they continue to play. We then cut to black before displaying the car as the band continues to play. We circle the car as the announcer talks about the style of the new car. A flute, trumpet, and a hand drum are imposed on top of the image of the car as the announcer continues describing it. We see the inside of the car and the dashboard. We see the LeSabre, Invicta, Electra, and then the Turbine Drive Buick ‘60 is shown again. 
246 Two billboard painters discuss the new Buick Convertible V-8. As the two painters are talking the painting of the billboard Buick gradually becomes real.  The painters climb into the billboard Buick and drive away. 
247 A chauffeur drives an Electra 225 to pick up a man in front of a city courthouse. The Electra is presented as a luxurious blue-chip car. 
248 A man and woman drive a Buick Special around town. The Buick was advertised as being the best of both worlds in terms of price and luxury. 
249 Opens with a scene of a lid bouncing on a pot as marinara sauces boils. Shows how tomato and vegetable oils are from Italy and the recipe follows an 1827 Buitoni family recipe.
250 A wealthy Italian woman returns from a visit to Italy bringing home cans of Buitoni Sauces as prize souvenirs. Her maid explains that Buitoni Sauces are cheaper here then in Italy. The wealthy woman then becomes exasperated as she left behind priceless antiques to make room in her suitcase for Buitoni.
251 A women breaks spaghetti noodles in half over a boiling pot. The narrator then praise Buitoni spaghetti and sauce as the film pans over plates of spaghetti.
252 An advertisement for Burgermeister Beer in which an animated man stands next to a can a beer. He speaks to the audience, suggesting they have a "Burgie right now." Then a female voice sings a jingle.
253 In a public service announcement from Burma Shave an angle warns people to be safe drivers. 
254 A college professor recites a poem about how he is balding but can still grow a beard. 
255 As a man is dying in a snowstorm, he recites a poem to his loved one about Burma Shave. 
256 A man with large ears sings about how Burma Shave is used from ear to ear.
257 An advertisement for Busch beer in which a narrator describes the product over scenes of friends enjoying winter activities in a cabin.
258 An advertisement for Busch beer in which a narrator describes the product over scenes of two people traveling through the Florida Everglades.
259 An advertisement for Busch beer in which a narrator describes the product over scenes of friends enjoying a camping trip in their Jeep.
260 An advertisement for Busch Bavarian Beer in which a female voice sings a jingle, accompanied by music, over various images of beer being poured and slid down bar tops.
261 An advertisement for Busch Bavarian Beer in which a female voice sings a jingle, accompanied by music. A glass of beer is pictured with mounds of ice, then a frozen stream and finally more beer is poured into glasses.
262 An advertisement for Busch Bavarian Beer in which a man with a beer can surprises a woman sunbathing on a beach. A jingle plays as the man and woman drink the beer. Submitted for the Clio Awards. 
263 An organist with bandaged hands fakes playing the organ at a wedding by using a Bush cassette player.
264 An advertisement for Butternut packaged bread in which a boy grows tired of practicing piano and a genie takes him to "Sandwich Land," introducing him to the product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
265 An advertisement for Butternut packaged bread in which a girl wishes for sandwiches and a genie takes her to "Sandwich Land," introducing her to the product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
266 An advertisement for Cadbury Caramilk chocolates in which Leonardo Da Vinci pauses from painting the Mona Lisa to try to explain how Cadbury gets soft caramel into the center of its chocolates. As he speaks, the model for the Mona Lisa samples a Cadbury chocolate and smiles, prompting Da Vinci to urge her to hold the expression. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
267 An advertisement for Calgary Export beer in which a group of real actors find themselves in an old saloon bar with animated characters and drink beer together.
268 An overworked mother relaxes by taking a bath with Calgon Bouquet. Calgon Bouquet is suppose to relieve fatigue and clean the bathtub at the same time.
269 A woman boards a private jet and takes a bath with Calgon Bath Oil Beads during her flight to Segovia. 
270 A narrator explains that dry weather leads to dry skin as footage of a desert is shown. The commercial transition to a woman bathing in an oasis as the narrator states that Calgon Bath Oil Beads alleviates and prevents dry skin.
271 As a woman is being chauffeured through Monaco, she takes a bath in the back of her Rolls Royce with Calgon Bath Oil Beads.  When she arrives at her destination she is dressed up and ready for her date.
272 An advertisement for Calgon bath oil beads in which a woman in ancient Greek robes wanders around ruins outside the Parthenon and takes a bath using the product in an open-air tub. An offscreen male narrator compares the moisturizing effects of the product to the perfection of the god Aphrodite. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
273 An advertisement for Calgon bath oil beads in which an offscreen male narrator describes how dry heat dries out women's skin over shots of sand blowing around a windy desert. A woman bathes with the product in a tub in the middle of the desert, and a river of water begins flowing beside her. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
274 A woman bathes in a pool with Calgon Bath Oil Beads before leaving to go on a date with a man. During the commercial a jingle is sung about how Calgon Bath Oil Beads will make a person skin as smooth as satin. 
275 An advertisement for Calgon Bouquet bath and beauty products in which an offscreen male narrator describes how the American woman is able to move between various social roles. A woman takes a bath using the product as the narrator describes how Calgon Bouquet is a beauty treatment that allows the user to relax. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
276 A woman strolls through a Japanese garden before taking a bath in pond with Calgon Bouquet soap. Another woman plays the koto in the background and a narrator explains the virtues of Calgon Bouquet.
277 A narrator talks about how Tahitian woman have obtain their beauty through bathing in Polynesian waters. The narrator then states how the viewers can have a Tahitian experience when they purchase Calgon Bouquet. As the narrator talks a woman walks through a Tahitian forest before taking a bath at the bottom of a waterfall. 
278 Instead of heading to the beach to relax a woman packs her bags to take a Calgon Bubble Bath in her own home. 
279 A commercial for Camay soaps.  A man pesters his wife to hurry up, so they won’t be late for their first anniversary date. The wife responds by stating she wish to look her best which is why she need to use Camay soap to wash her face before leaving. 
280 A female secretary sings about how her life was so boring until she started using Camay Soap.
281 An advertisement for Camay soap in which a woman washes her face in the mirror while asking her offscreen husband what he notices about other women. The woman describes how washing with Camay is her secret to keeping her skin soft and clean. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
282 A man asks a French woman if she is using a fancy French soap. The French woman replies that she uses American Camay because it leaves her skin soft and fresh. 
283 A mother and her daughters go horseback riding through a park. As they are horseback riding a narrator explains how great Camay soap is and footage of the mother using the soap is mixed with footage of them horseback riding. When the horseback riding is finished the mother is greeted by her husband and the family happily drives away. 
284 A woman rides her motorcycle as a narrator explains that the woman uses Camay Soap which is why her skin is so beautiful. 
285 An advertisement for Camay soap in which an offscreen female narrator discusses whether soft skin is inherited over a scene of a mother and daughter at a photo shoot. The mother washes her face with Camay in her bathroom and her daughter enters and hugs her, while the narrator describes how the product helps one maintain their soft inherited skin. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
286 An advertisement for Camel cigarettes in which an animated man's head is shown to be frowning before smoking Camels and then smiling after smoking them. Submitted for Clio Awards category Tobacco Products and Supplies.
287 A woman sings a jingle about how well Campbell’s soups go with sandwiches. 
288 An advertisement for Campbell's canned "beans and franks" in which a group of children sing a jingle based on the nursery rhyme "Ten Little Indians." The characters exhibit stereotypes associated with indigenous peoples of the United States. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
289 An advertisement for Campbell's canned soup in which a boy lay sick in bed and his mother brings him the brand's chicken with rice soup. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
290 An advertisement for Campbell's canned soup in which a narrator describes the Italian inspiration for the brand's minestrone soup and a family eats the product together. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
291 An advertisement for Campbell's packaged pork and beans in which a quartet of cops sing about the product in the style of early 20th century barbershop music. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
292 An advertisement for Campbell's packaged foods in which a boy follows his shadow to the dinner table and eats canned turkey noodle soup. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
293 An advertisement for Campbell's canned soup in which a child and her grandfather eat Campbell's tomato soup in a park. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
294 An advertisement for Canada Dry sodas in which two little girls take turns jumping rope and sipping on a bottle of the product. An offscreen male narrator describes the flavors and varieties of Canada Dry available over images of the products on a display shelf. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
295 An advertisement for Canada Dry ginger ale in which a foreman at a construction site drinks a bottle of the product while working. An offscreen male narrator describes the qualities of the ginger ale over images of the product being displayed and poured. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
296 An advertisement for Canada Dry orange soda in which a man with an orange pours himself the product while a giant glass fills up with soda behind him. A jingle plays and an offscreen narrator extols Canada Dry's "special sparkle." Submitted for the Clio Awards.
297 An advertisement for Cannon hosiery in which two animated characters admire a woman wearing the product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
298 A wealthy man and woman spend time together in France, yachting, gambling, and eating out. A French narrator explain why Canoe cologne is perfect for men as the couple enjoy each other’s company.   
299 A secretary prepares coffee for her boss and gives him some Caporal Cigarettes to go along with his drink.
300 A woman wearing ancient Roman clothing dances amongst Greco-Roman Pillars on the Italian island of Capri. The Capri makeup products are compared to this Italian scenery. The film then transition to the woman conveniently buying Capri product from a supermarket.
301 A young family happily dance as they shop for grocery. Their blissful dance comes to a halt when they see a Care poster. After seeing the poster, the family decides to donate food to Care. 
302 A clown hobo, Weary Wille (Emmett Kelly) finds a dollar bill on the ground. Instead of keeping the dollar for himself, Wille donates the dollar to Care. 
303 A Vietnamese man thanks donors for the rice and other farm supplies that were donated. The commercial ends with a title card asking for donations.  
304 Pictures are shown of children and people experiencing hardships around the world. Then a narrator explains how aid given through Care can change their lives for the better.   
305 An advertisement for Carling Black Label Beer in which various hands are shown hanging up their hats at the end of their work days and ordering Carling beer. An offscreen narrator talks about how everybody loves Carling Black Label. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
306 Young couples dance at a fancy hotel restaurant as a jingle is sung about Mabel Carling Black Label Lager Beer. 
307 An advertisement for Carling Red Cap Ale in which a two men race horses through fields while a male narrator describes the tough sport and the delicious ale. The commercial ends with the men drinking Red Cap Ale in a cabin while a jingle plays "...full bodied Red Cap Ale."
308 A reporter interviews children after they had just sat on Santa's lap at Carson Pirie Scott department store. The children all give Santa adult sounding positive reviews. The narrator then states that everyone at Carson Pirie Scot has rave reviews.
309 A softy lit advertisement for Cashmere Bouquet talcum powder in which a female narrator, accompanied by Rossiniesque music, extols the product as "a body cosmetic." The scene depicts a woman dusting herself with the "so incredibly fine" powder in her private boudoir.
310 A woman applies Cashmere Bouquet Talc to her body as a narrator explains how the talc makes women more beautiful and feminine. 
311 An advertisement for Cashmere Bouquet talcum powder in which a female narrator, accompanied by Rossiniesque music, extols the product as "a body cosmetic" over images of a woman dusting herself with the powder in her boudoir. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
312 An advertisement for Catalina swimsuits in which models pose in the brand's 1963 fashions. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
313 An advertisement for Celanese Acetate raincoats in which a woman wears the brand's coat into the rain and it stays dry. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
314 An advertisement for Celanese Fortrel polyester in which a man wearing Haggar-brand double-knit polyester slacks runs alongside a wild lion and tiger. An offscreen male narrator describes how the flexible slacks allow men to let loose. One of the winners of the 1971 Clio Awards.
315 An advertisement for Celotex insulation and roofing in which a man dressed as a roof describes how he withstands various elements like weather, animals, and climbers. An offscreen male narrator states that Celotex specializes in everything "from floors to walls to ceilings to roofs." One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
316 An advertisement for Centura CorningWare that depicts a black bull clomping into a shop selling china, ceramics, and glass. The bull is greeted by a man delivering a prerecorded message who praises the Centura products for their strength. The bull knocks the products over and walks on them and none of them break.
317 A girl pretends to be a Century 21 real estate agent and shows her friends around a playhouse.
318 A boy puts on a gold Century 21 jacket and explains to another boy why he is certified for the job.
319 A Christmas commercial where the narrator praises the different Chanel No.5 perfumes as they are shown on screen.
320 An advertisement for Cheerios cereal from General Mills. The scene depicts a woman with a headache addressing the camera and giving her Cheerios testimonial to a man off camera. The scene ends with a close-up of the product and the man, accompanied by music, saying, "Cheerios, another terribly adult cereal from General Mills."
321 A woman gives a testimony about how Cheerios help alleviates her headaches. A spokesperson then steps in a corrects the woman that Cheerios do not help headaches. The spokesperson further informs the woman that Cheerios are not just for kids but are also for adults. 
322 An advertisement from the Cheese Information Center in which an offscreen male narrator describes an unnamed versatile, cheap, and hearty food as the camera tracks over a table full of various food products. The camera centers on a block of cheese, revealing it as the food the narrator was discussing, and both the narrator and onscreen text urge the viewer to "choose cheese." One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
323 An advertisement for Nylon tires in which a male narrator, accompanied by music, talk safety concerns of old tires. A shot pans over a junkyard as the narrator says, "This is a graveyard, but nobody brings flowers." Then the narrator talks about a family on vacation and their car crash. Finally another family drives safely around on Nylon tires. 
324 An advertisement for Chemstrand nylon stockings in which a female vocalist sings a jingle over scenes of men gazing and gawking at a woman wearing stockings around town. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
325 An advertisement from Chevrolet in commemoration of the 1976 U.S. bicentennial, in which a song plays over scenes of small town American life (including images of kids playing baseball, people attending church, an apple pie being baked, and Chevy cars being driven). The song emphasizes how baseball, hot dogs, apple pie, and Chevrolet "all go together in the good old U.S.A." One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
326 A man pulls up to his city apartment in his Chevrolet Brookwood Station Wagon where his wife, son, and baby jump into the car. The family is able to escape the city life and spend a day in a nature park.
327 An advertisement for a Chevrolet automobile in which a family of five takes a Sunday drive and the narrator describes the inner fantasies of each passenger. Submitted for Clio Awards category Autos.
328 Chevrolet "Chevy Builds Right" - A couple talk to a salesman about picking up their new Chevrolet tomorrow. There are pictures above them in the hallway they walk past and one man in a picture comes to life and begins telling us about the car's new features. He is still the same size he was in the picture as he jump and walks around on the Chevrolet. He's now out of his picture and hanging on the edge of another one that has also come to life. It contains a woman driving her Chevrolet car. As the ad ends applause begins from an off-screen audience. 

Frontenac Mercury "Dancers" - The screen is fully black except for a car that appears to be floating lengthwise in the top portion of the screen. Two dancer appear below and they have a synchronized dance they perform. A female vocal jingle accompanies the ad. We see several different shots of the car. Another car appears facing forward next to the couple as they continue to dance and draw attention to the cars with their arms displaying it. A male announcer talks about the Canadian car and its low cost. 
329 A man working in the space program is described as a man of the future and present because he drives a Chevrolet Convertible. The Chevrolet Convertible allows him and his family to experience luxury and adventure. 
330 A man’s car breaks down in front of a billboard in Time Square, telling him to buy a new Chevrolet. Onlookers shakes their heads in disappointment as he fails to get his car started.
331 A teacher asks a student, Richard, to tell the class about his most exciting day. Richard explains that his most exciting day was when his mother and father argued about which car they should buy. When Richard's family selects the new Chevy the whole family is happy about the choice they made.
332 A gun fight breaks out in a wild west town before it is revealed that the town is a vacation destination called Frontier City. A family drives into the town with a new Chevrolet. The new Chevrolet is compared to an old Chevrolet in the western town.
333 Pictures of a Chevrolet are animated together with pictures of a kaleidoscope. The narrator list the features of the car as the footage of the 1961 Chevrolet is shown.
334 A man picks up a woman from a hotel in an invisible car. The couple drive across the countryside apparently levitated as onlookers stare. At the end of the drive the magic behind the invisible car is revealed to be a Chevrolet.
335 We see a mailman as he goes through his country route, driving over muddy roads, hills, and creeks. An announcer with a country twang in his voice talks about how Chevrolet is a trusted vehicle for mail services due to its reliability and other features. One package the mailman delivers he stays to see an older couple open, it ends up being glasses for the women and they look more glamorous than the pair she had on previously. We see the car cleaned up and shining for when the mailman takes his family to church with the car. The last shot is of the car standing alone with a rider on a horse in the background. 
336 Animations and Chevrolet cars are accompanied by jazz music. 
337 An advertisement for Chevrolet that depicts an aerial view of a 1964 red Impala coupe and a female model on top of Castle Rock, a castle-like rock formation, in Utah. The scene is narrated by a man, accompanied by music, who describes why Chevrolet is "in a class of its own" and "stands alone."
338 A woman sits in a Chevrolet convertible on top of a tall plateau in the middle of the Grand Canyon. A narrator talks about how Chevrolet stand alone in its own class. 
339 A Chevrolet car’s shadow drives through a western environment as a narrator uses shadows as a metaphor for Chevrolet cars.
340 There's nature shots and a shot of a cowboy getting on a horse and riding away. The announcer with a country drawl talks about this ranch as the Corvair pulls up next to a horse pin. He continues to talk as the car drives around the livestock on the ranch. We see a man dressed like a cowboy in a big hat and tied handkerchief around his neck as he goes around and carries out some of duties on the ranch. Later on he picks up a date with his car and they drive off together. The announcer talks about the fold down seat, mileage, and style of the car.
341 Chevrolet heavy duty and light trucks shown being used at a construction site and their high performance is attributed to the truck's high torque engine.
342 Dump trucks, pickup trucks, and other trucks are used to complete different occupational jobs. The commercial is accompanied by a male chorus singing about the benefits of Chevrolet job master trucks.
343 An advertisement for Chicken of the Sea canned tuna in which an animated mermaid sings a jingle about the product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
344 An advertisement for Chipmonks potato chips where an offscreen male narrator recounts "the legend of Chipmonks," in which a group of medieval monks develops a potato chip variety and begin to mass produce it. The narrator describes how the chips come in two sealed stacks per package. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
345 An advertisement for Chiquita Banana in which a family eats the fruit for breakfast. The brand's character exhibits stereotypes associated with Latin American peoples. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
346 An advertisement for Christie's Cookies in which a children enjoy eating cookies as a female voice sings about cookies. Jingle and narration are in French.
347 An advertisement for the Chrysler Imperial automobile in which the security detail follows an American diplomat to the airport while a narrator describes the car. Submitted for Clio Awards category Autos.
348 An advertisement for the 1960 Chrysler automobiles in which a narrator showcases four models in various scenarios, including travel, bank robbery, marriage, and horseback riding. Submitted for Clio Awards category Autos.
349 An advertisement for the 1977 Chrysler Avenger File in which the car drives through various industrial and warehouse settings. Onscreen English text periodically lists features of the product. Submitted for the Clio Awards International category. 
350 As a Chrysler Newport drives down a road, the narrator asks a rhetorical question about the Newport price. The narrator then reveals the low cost of the Newport as well the fuel saving benefits of owning a Newport. 
351 Horizontal lines come from the top and bottom of the screen in different sizes and overlap together as a male and female sung jingle starts to play. The end of each phrase is Valiant. An announcer talks about how the car's small size will help with parking, gas bills, and driving on corners. Also due to the build the car itself will be a smoother ride. The car has a specific sign that indicates its a Valiant which is displayed in the ad, Valiant also appears on screen several times. In different bits of animation the word Valiant is a stand in for the car, and we never see what the car looks like. 
352 A woman shows how to change a baby with Chux Disposable Diaper. She gives a step-by-step explanation and when she finishes changing the baby, she realizes the baby has already soiled the diaper.
353 An advertisement for CIL Terylene suits in which a private investigator follows a man to find out information about his Terylene suit. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
354 An advertisement for Cinzano vermouth in which a man at party says he is changing to Cinzano and with a snap of his fingers he turns into a bottle of the product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
355 A public service announcement from the Citizens for Clean Air in which the close-up and audio of a man breathing overlays shots of cars, planes, factory chimneys, and other sources of air pollution. An offscreen male narrator describes the many kinds of pollutants in the air we breathe and urges the viewer to write to the organization's address. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
356 An advertisement for Clark service stations "the premium people" who give you, "not one, but two Du Pont anti-icers," which is narrated by a man. The scene depicts a man brushing a lot of snow off of his car on a very cold day, he then unlocks and starts his car with no problems.
357 A person unburies their car from snow before driving off. A narrator then states how Clark will provide two DuPont anti-icers to customers this winter. 
358 An advertisement for College Level Examination Program (CLEP) testing in which a man at a staffing office tells Abraham Lincoln that his lack of college credits suggests he is unfit for an executive job. An offscreen male narrator explains how CLEP can provide someone with the equivalent of college credits for what they have already learned outside of college. One of the winners of the 1971 Clio Awards.
359 Harry Reasoner talks about the results of the Clio contest and about the increase quality of commercial advertising. 
360 
361 An advertisement for Coats and Clark zippers in which a woman discusses the brand's metal and "chic" style zippers. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
362 An advertisement for Coca Cola in which a man and woman frolic in the snow dressed in costumes for carnival as a female voice sings a jingle about Coca Cola. Buildings of Quebac City can be seen in the background as young people celebrate, dance, and drink soda. Jingle and narration are in French. 
363 An advertisement for Coca Cola in which a man sings a rock n roll style jingle and dances with a young woman. The woman and a few other young couples dance the twist as the camera pans past tables with Coca Cola bottle on them. Jingle is sung in French.
364 An advertisement for Coca-Cola bottled soda in which a man pulls a bow to launch an arrow at a bottle of Coca-Cola, and the arrow is a kebob with meat and vegetables on it. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
365 An advertisement for Coca-Cola in which a jingle encouraging the viewer to "take two" cartons of Coke plays over scenes of young people playing badminton and grilling burgers at a barbecue. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
366 An advertisement for Coca-Cola in which a jingle plays over a scene of a coach unlocking the gate to an inner-city park and supervising a group of children who enter to play basketball. The coach invites in a boy who looks forlorn outside the fence, and the two play games and drink bottles of Coke together. An ending text screen promotes the Coke brand as "the real thing." One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
367 An advertisement for Coca-Cola in which a woman travels to the countryside and visits her family on a farm. A jingle about the joys of rural life plays over scenes of the woman embracing her family members and drinking bottles of Coke with them. An ending text screen promotes the Coke brand as "the real thing." One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
368 An advertisement for Coca-Cola in which singer Anita Bryant orders a bottle of Coke at a diner and addresses the camera about the qualities of the product. Another patron plays a Coke jingle sung by Bryant on the diner's jukebox. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
369 An animated advertisement for Coca-Cola in which a jingle plays over sequences of people drinking Coke while getting ready to leave the house and at a dance party. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
370 An advertisement for Coca-Cola in which singer Anita Bryant sings a jingle in a gymnasium surrounded by people who are performing gymnastics and drinking Coke. An offscreen male narrator describes how Coke's king-sized bottles hold "lots more than you think" over a close-up image of the product. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
371 An advertisement for Coca-Cola in which a jingle plays over animated shapes and text, close-ups of the product pouring into a glass, and shots of a couple drinking Cokes at a table. An offscreen male narrator describes how Coke's king-sized bottles hold lots of product even after the first pour. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
372 An advertisement for Coca-Cola bottled soda in which a mechanic reaches from under a car for a bottle of the product and a jingle plays. Submitted for Clio Award category Short Spots.
373 An animated advertisement for Coca-Cola in which a jingle plays over sequences of people drinking Coke at a bowling alley and at a community picnic. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
374 An advertisement for Coca-Cola in which Bobby Goldsboro's song "Hello Summertime" plays over scenes of a man and woman rafting down a river, playing with each other, and drinking bottles of Coke. An ending text screen promotes the Coke brand as "the real thing." One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
375 An advertisement for Coca-Cola in which a jingle about the importance of being "the real you" plays over shots of young people riding motorcycles, in a photo booth, dressing colorfully on a city street, eating hot dogs, swimming, trying on hats and wigs in a mirror, and drinking Coke. Onscreen text touts Coca-Cola as "the real thing." One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
376 An advertisement for Coca-Cola in which a man and woman drink bottles of Coke aboard a sailboat as a jingle plays. An offscreen narrator praises the "special zing" of the product. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
377 An advertisement for king-sized Coca-Cola in which a jingle plays over a scene of young people playing softball and drinking bottles of Coke. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
378 An advertisement for Coca-Cola in which an offscreen male narrator describes the recipe for a chicken sandwich to accompany a glass of Coke. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
379 An advertisement for king-sized Coca-Cola featuring clown Emmett Kelly playing his signature Weary Willie character. Kelly bats at animated words floating around his head as he sweeps a circus ring and a jingle plays. A couple drinks bottles of Coke at a table inside the circus tent. A bottle of Coke lands into Kelly's hand and he drinks it. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
380 Young people drink Coca-Cola on the beach as a jingle is sung. 
381 An advertisement for Coca-Cola in which a surfer walks along a beach of crashing ocean waves. A series of kaleidoscopic close-ups show the waves crashing, as a psychedelic soundtrack plays and an offscreen chorus sings a jingle. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
382 An advertisement for 16-oz bottles of Coca-Cola in which an offscreen narrator describes the cost-saving benefits of the product over close-ups of a sandwich being prepared and cups of Coke being placed on top of pennies. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
383 A traveling salesman surveys a cat asking it how it likes Coets cotton squares and what beauty treatment the cats use them for. The salesman then narrates all the beauty applications the cotton squares have as a woman show the different applications
384 A woman explains that the reason men admire her is that she uses Coets quilted cotton squares which have many cosmetic uses.
385 Narrator states how unbeautiful women can become beautiful by using Coets cotton square. An "unpretty" girl fails to put on makeup before her pretty mother shows her the right way by using the cotton squares.
386 An advertisement for Colgate toothpaste in which one girl comments on another girl's new braces while in a school cafeteria line. An offscreen male narrator describes how kids who brush with Colgate tend to have fewer cavities as a series of tooth charts are displayed. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
387 An advertisement for Colorforms "Annette Dress Designer Kit" movable picture graphics book, a tie-in promotion for Disney's 1961 film "Babes in Toyland." An offscreen narrator describes the product over shots of a hand moving around the graphics within the book and dressing images of the film's star Annette Funicello. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
388 An advertisement for Colorforms "Dinosaur Kit" movable picture graphics book in which an animated boy and his talking dog discuss the product after encountering a dinosaur on a safari. The boy narrates over live-action footage of kids moving around the graphics within the book and sings a jingle. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
389 An advertisement for Colorforms "Disneyland" movable picture graphics book, in which an offscreen narrator describes the product over shots of a hand moving around the graphics of Disney characters within the book. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
390 An advertisement for Colorforms "Donald Duck Cartoon Kit" movable picture graphics book in which an animated boy and his talking dog discuss the product while at a swimming pool. The boy narrates over live-action footage of kids moving around the graphics within the book and sings a jingle. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
391 An advertisement for Colorforms "Popeye the Weatherman" movable picture graphics book in which an animated boy and his talking dog discuss the product while looking out the window at a rainstorm. The boy narrates over live-action footage of kids moving around the graphics within the book and sings a jingle. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
392 An advertisement for Colorforms Sleeping Beauty Story Kit book in which an animated boy and his talking dog take a break from play-acting scenes from Disney's "Sleeping Beauty" to discuss the product. The boy narrates over live-action footage of kids moving around the graphics within the book, and his dog sings a jingle. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
393 An advertisement for Colt 45 malt liquor in which actor Billy Van sits unreactively outside of a hotel building front that collapses directly over him (a reference to a stunt in Buster Keaton's film Steamboat Bill, Jr.). A second man approaches from the hotel rubble and serves Van a tray of Colt 45 cans. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
394 An advertisement for Commerce Union Bank in which a boy who is being chauffeured to the bank trades vehicles with a boy who rode on his bike. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
395 A narrator encourages viewers to not shut the door on people in need by giving to their Community Chest. 
396 Community Chest of Los Angeles "You Can Help" - A narrator urges the viewers that anyone can help at United Way by donating to the community chest. As the narrator speaks pictures of children are shown.  

Relig. Overseas Aid "Piggy Bank" - A cartoon boy breaks into his piggy bank. His brother warns him he is going to get into trouble and his mother speculate what his motive is. The boy reveals that he wants to buy happiness for poor people oversea. A narrator then comes on to urge people to donate to their respective religious charities. 
397 An advertisement for Continental Palmolive soap in which a French woman named Madame Rene Perrier drives around a riviera in Nice and talks about how she uses the product daily to preserve her looks. An offscreen male narrator describes the qualities of the product over images of a pair of hands using the soap. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
398 An advertisement for Continental Palmolive soap in which a woman meets her husband by the Spanish Steps in Rome as an offscreen male narrator describes how she uses the product to maintain her youthful look even as she approaches 30. The woman addresses the camera to talk about her daily beauty regimen and the narrator describes the richness of the soap over shots of cream being poured onto a floating bar of the product. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
399 A comedic advertisement for Cool Whip in which a man bungles a baking recipe in his home kitchen by making many measurement mistakes. An offscreen male narrator explains how applying Cool Whip topping can make a failed dessert "turn out tasting right." The man covers his failed bake in Cool Whip and brings it out to his wife, who appears both pleased and confused by the result. One of the winners of the 1971 Clio Awards.
400 An advertisement for the Commonwealth Oil Refining Company (CORCO) of Puerto Rico featuring stop-motion animation of a clay oil refinery and various plastic products that emerge from labeled pipes. An offscreen male narrator describes the jobs and products created by Puerto Rico's petro-chemical industry. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
405 A bull walks through a China-Ceramic store. As the bull rampages through the store the Centura dishes did not break when the bull knocked them over or walked on them. 
406 An advertisement for Corning Ware Electromatic Skillet in which a male narrator describes the product. The advertisement begins with an image of a rocket ship taking off and the dialogue, "From rocket research, the greatest advance ever in an automatic skillet!" A woman in a kitchen displays the skillet, its ease of use, and easy cleaning ability.
407 An advertisement for Corning Ware cookware in which a narrator demonstrates the functionality of the product on a stove top. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
408 An advertisement for Corning Ware dishware in which a male narrator describes the product. The advertisement begins with an image of a rocket ship taking off then transitioning to picture a woman working in the kitchen. The narrator explains the new incredible material used in the product and it's durability.
409 The 1962 Chevrolet Corvair drives through muddy Florida swampland to show the Corvair toughness and traction.
410 An advertisement for Cott cherry cola in which a group of young people (framed from the knees down) gather around a table indoors after a bike ride and drink a bottle of the product. An offscreen narrator promotes how cherry cola is now available for home markets rather than being exclusive to soda fountains. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
411 An advertisement for Cott mixers in which a group of men and women (framed from the knees down) are shown dancing at a party and pouring cups of the product. An offscreen narrator describes the varieties of Cott mixers, including Ginger Ale, Half & Half, and Full Quart. Submitted for Clio Awards.
412 Showgirls dance to the Can Can before the scene pivots to women wearing Coty French Spice lipstick throughout Paris.
413 This advertisement for Coty French Fling shows a women riding a carousel at a carnival while several masquerade masked men seek her affection.
414 A female narrator in front of the Eiffel Tower explains the benefits of Coty Instant Beauty makeup while another women put the makeup on and meets up with a man in the city
415 A man and women have a dreamy summer outing as a narrator compares the event to the enchanting effects of the L'amant perfume products. The scene then changes showing the women applying the L'amant dusting powder, toilet water, and mist as the narrator continues to praise the perfume.
416 Set in a Parisian setting with a French accented narrator, traffic comes to a halt as a women puts on Rue De La Pink lipstick which causes everyone to stare in awe at the women.
417 An advertisement for Coty perfumes in which a male narrator describes products while women are pictured, some admiring the perfume. The advertisement ends showing with a man and woman embracing and a Christmas tree with perfume hanging from the branches. Narration is in French.

418 An animated advertisement for Count Pushkin vodka dramatizing the route of a trans-Siberian train carrying nobles in tsarist Russia to a banquet in Vladivostok. An offscreen male narrator describes the punishing nature of the journey and how the nobles celebrate with Count Pushkin vodka at their final destination. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
419 A Country Club malt is poured into a glass and afterwards a man crushes the malt can with his hand. For reminding second half of the commercial the narrator sings to himself and allows the viewers to watch a malt glass fizzle in relative silence.
420 An advertisement for Country Club malt liquor in which a narrator compares the product to a competitor, demonstrating the differences in carbonation and body. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
421 An advertisement for Country Club Malt Liquor in which a man sitting behind a desk criticizes an advertising manager. The manager speaks up and they drink some beer. Eventually the man says that he's going name the man vice president. The manager says, "thanks dad."
422 An advertisement for Country Club Malt Liquor in which we see a close-up of a can of the product being poured into a glass and an attempt to crush the can while the man off screen says, "You don't have to be a man to enjoy Country Club Malt Liquor, but it helps." The scene ends with a close-up of the product as a man hums "I've Been Working on the Railroad."
423 A French advertisement for Country Pale beer in which a dinner scene at a restaurant suddenly transforms into a Busby Berkeley-style musical number (including water ballet in a large pool) when one of the patrons drinks the product. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
424 An advertisement for County Fair packaged bread in which a man describes how the product is made while a boy eats it next to him. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
425 An advertisement for CoverGirl liquid makeup and matching powder products in which a male narrator extols the rejuvenating qualities of the product over a scene of model Sondra Peterson posing in a faux Vogue magazine cover shoot. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
426 An advertisement for Cracker Jack snack food that takes place in a dark, smoky, backroom poker game being played by four wise guys. They pass around the box until it reaches a man who finds it empty and they all start to laugh hysterically, which causes the man to flip the card table over. The scene ends with a close-up of the product while the narrator says, "Cracker Jack, in the big pass around pack, for when the gang gets together."
427 An advertisement for Cracker Jack snack food that depicts two people in a train sleeper car, who can't see one another, passing "The Big Pass Around Pack" across the hall. A male passenger who is walking down the hall notices this and becomes a fortuitous intermediary between the two people sharing the product and he indulges himself with the snack as well. The scene ends with a close-up of the Cracker Jack logo.
428 Four mobsters play a game of cards. Eventually, one of the mobsters loses his temper during the game when the other mobsters ate all the Cracker Jacks before he had the chance to eat any. The card game then turns into a brawl. 
429 An advertisement for Crayola crayons in which children's television show host Captain Kangaroo (Bob Keeshan) creates a family of stick figures by drawing around crayons taped to a piece of paper. Captain Kangaroo shows off Crayola's 64-color varieties and a crayon sharpener built into the crayon box. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
430 An advertisement for Crespi presenting multiple shots of factory chimneys releasing pollution combined with the audio of sirens and explosions. A playground of small children is shown near the factories as the ominous sounds continue in the background. A child looks at the camera in freeze-frame as a Spanish-language title card asks, "Heredaran el aire puro? [Will they inherit clean air?]" One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
431 
432 A girl leaps for joy after she receives the news that she doesn’t have any cavities. A man then explains that this was because she used Crest and that you can also have cavity free dentist visits by switching to Crest toothpaste.
433 An advertisement for Crest toothpaste in which a boy is at a barber shop while a female narrator speaks. Then the commercial cuts to a man speaking with a woman in a living room about the health properties of Crest toothpaste. Dialogue and narration are in French. 
434 The commercial shows a cripple girl taking her first step towards her mother without the need for crutches or help. A narrator state how Easter Seals has improved the lives of countless handicap people. 
435 An advertisement for Crisco in which a woman hastily prepares a chicken meal after learning that her husband brought over company for dinner. The woman addresses the camera and interacts with an offscreen narrator to discuss how using Crisco gives her confidence while cooking. The narrator further details the features of the product over close-ups of a jar of Crisco and food being cooked. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
436 An advertisement for Crisco in which a woman uses the product to cook dinner for her son. An offscreen narrator describes the benefits of Crisco over scenes of the mother shopping for the product and food being cooked and served. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
437 A mother and daughter prepare dinner. When the father comes in he complains about not liking the heavy oil taste in salad dressing. The father end up liking the salad dressing because his daughter use Crisco Oil which her cooking club teacher had recommended.
438 An advertisement for Crocker-Anglo National Bank in which a man tells his co-worker that a bank teller is interested in him and the other man says that all of the bank's representatives treat customers the same way. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
439 An advertisement for Cadbury's Crunchie bars in which outlaws and a slew of other characters try to steal a chest of chocolate bars during a train ride. Submitted for the Clio Awards International category. 
440 An advertisement for Culligan Man water softeners in which a woman calls loudly for the "Culligan Man" and he tells her the brand means soft water, so she repeats her call in a soft voice. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
441 An advertisement for Cutex Fire Dance and Pink Goddess nail polishes and lipsticks in which a female narrator, accompanied by drum beats and other percussion, extols the qualities of the products. Two women display the products on and inside an Aztec pyramid. Submitted for the Clio Awards. 
442 An advertisement for Cutex ultra-smooth lipsticks and anti-chip nail polishes in which a male narrator, accompanied by a female singer and music, describes the products over images of fashion designer Oleg Cassini and close-ups of a woman displaying the various lipsticks and polishes. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
443 The stage is gradually lit as the narrator shouts, "color." When the stage is lit the stage shows two women modeling the nail polish and lipstick. Then each woman is shown modeling a new color of nail polish on a date with a man.
444 An advertisement for Dupont Dacron polyester suits in which two men model different styles of the product. The advertisement features a jingle that is based on "Diamonds are a Girl's Best Friend," written by Jule Styne and Leo Robin and first featured in the Broadway production of "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes." Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
445 An advertisement for Dairy Queen ice cream in which a family takes a road trip and the parents forget their son at the Dairy Queen, and they travel back to find him enjoying a sundae.
446 An advertisement for Dairy Queen ice cream in which a mailman takes a break to eat a banana split and laughs as a dog tries to perform tricks in order to eat some of the ice cream.
447 An advertisement for Dairy Queen ice cream in which a Monkees-esque teen idol runs from a group of fans and travels to the Dairy Queen and feels refreshed.
448 A wealthy man in the gilded era applies Pullman Cologne before going out to meet his wife on the porch of an extravagant Pullman train car. 
449 A repairman arrives at an overworked mother house to repair her washing machine. The machine broke because the mother was trying to wash all her kids’ clothes. The repairman then reveals to the mother that she should have used Dash laundry detergent. 
450 An advertisement for Dash laundry detergent in which a handyman is pulled over by a police officer before assisting the policeman's wife with her laundry machine. The handyman speaks to the woman about her machine and then demonstrates the cleaning power of Dash detergent. Dialogue is in French.
451 An advertisement for the Datsun 610 station wagon in which the vehicle appears inside an animated version of Salvador Dali's painting "The Persistence of Memory." An offscreen male narrator describes the various features of the car over images of Dali himself sitting inside the vehicle and walking around the landscape. One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
452 In a cartoon Shirley, a new hire, keeps creating excuses to get his boss to allow him to leave work to go to Dayton's warehouse sale.
453 Scot gets into mischief while in the shoe department at Dayton's. The narrator explains that Scot's mother uses Dayton's for back to school shopping because they find what they are looking for fast and before Scot can cause more trouble.
454 An elderly woman fixes Thanksgiving food for her entire family. The woman ruefully wish that her family won't stay too long so that she can have some time to take advantage of Dayton's week long Thanksgiving sale.
455 The Dayton's Department Store credit card is the most valuable credit card a person can own since its the only card accepted at Dayton's.
456 A ghost confronts Scrooge asking why he hasn't bought anything for himself at Dayton's after Christmas sale. A greedy Scrooge rejoice at the thought of saving so much money.
457 An advertisement for Decora acrylic paper in which a wall is shown repeatedly splashed with various stain-causing materials, such as ketchup, dirt, paint, and chocolate. An offscreen narrator describes the product over shots of a hand wiping away the stains from the wall with a small pad. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
458 An advertisement for Deep Magic Dry Skin Conditioner by Toni in which singer Jane Morgan extols the product on the set of a musical advertisement rehearsal. Morgan addresses the camera and speaks about how the product helps "prevent aging dry skin lines," and a male narrator describes the qualities of the product as she applies it to herself. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
459 An advertisement for DeHaze glass cleaner in which an offscreen male narrator contrasts the product's defogging abilities against other leading cleaners in a splitscreen. DeHaze and generic cleaner are sprayed onto separate sides of a mirror, but only the generic side fogs up during a shower. One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
460 An advertisement for Del Monte Catsup in which an offscreen male voice tries to convince a young boy to trade him his bottle of the product as the boy goes about preparing a hamburger to eat. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
461 A cowboy wanders through a tomato field singing about Del Monte Catsup while playing the guitar.
462 A Cub Scout troop marches into a dinner to the tune of the Army Goes Marching Along. The film then shows how one bottle of catsup can last a long time and feed a lot of people. The Cub Scouts march out of the dinner leaving a near empty catsup bottle.
463 An advertisement for Del Monte Foods in which an offscreen male narrator describes the nutritional benefits of the company's canned salmon over a slow-motion shot of a salmon jumping upstream. A quickly edited montage follows of various Del Monte canned products. One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
464 An advertisement for Del Monte packaged foods in which a troubadour sings about the brand's canned green beans as he walks through a bean field. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
465 An advertisement for Del Monte packaged foods in which a troubadour sings about the brand's canned sweet corn as he walks through a corn field. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
466 An advertisement for Delco car batteries in which a group of men in a fire station are woken to the sound of an alarm and quickly get on their firetrucks and leave. The camera turns to a man in a suit with a microphone speaks about the importance of reliable Delco automotive batteries.
467 An advertisement for Delco Remy automotive batteries in which the Indiana State Toll Road Patrol are featured driving around and using their lights. Indiana State Police Captain Alva R Funk speaks about the various lights and electronic equipment on the patrol cars. A male narrator discusses the rugged reliability of Delco DC batteries. Then a mechanic is seen installing the Delco Remy batteries in a consumer car as a patrol car drives past.
468 An advertisement for Delco-Remy electrical car parts in which a male narrator, accompanied by music, asks and animated driver if he's ever thought about his car as an instruments. The car magically turns into a trombone, a saxophone, and a piano before breaking. The narrator talks about the need for a Spring tune up and then discusses the Delco products.
469 An advertisement for Delco car batteries in which a male narrator describes a terrible storm in Lafayette, Indiana. Thunder crashes and lightning his a utility pole. Men at the Indiana Utility company jump into action, starting their trucks and driving out to solve the problem. The narrator talk about the need of dependable batteries.
470 A narrator explains that Desert Dri Deodorant is the best deodorant for women and provides 24 hour sweat protection. As the narrator speaks a woman models the deodorant.
471 One of 13 episodes in a series, Design With A Camera offers instructions and tips on framing subjects in photography. Joan Jockwig Pearson demonstrates subject placement using drawings and frames of varying sizes to achieve a unique, artistic effect.
472 The 7 Walker brothers are able to find office furniture they all like at Desks & Furnishings. When they can't agree on a conference table, each brother buys their own table.
473 An advertisement for Dial Gold soap narrated by a man. The scene depicts a small, cramped car picking up a group of men who are carpooling and looking at one another suspiciously. The scene ends with a close-up of the product and the narrator saying, "Aren't you glad you used dial, don't you wish everybody did."
474 An advertisement for Dial soap in which a baby attempts to handle a bar of soap during a bath. An offscreen female narrator emphasizes the mild qualities of the product while an adult hand enters into shot and begins to wash the baby. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
475 A couple have a picnic and go for a stroll at the beach. A narrator then explains that a woman no longer has to worry about smelling bad on date if they use Dial Soap. 
476 A mother washes her baby with dial soap and a narrator state that dial soap is often used on newborns in hospitals. 
477 An advertisement for Dial soap in which a woman takes a shower using the product while an offscreen male narrator describes its antibacterial properties. Post-shower, the woman readies herself in a dressing room to go onstage for an opera performance. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
478 A female tour guide takes a shower with Dial Soap before heading to work and an evening date.
479 A man works all day long without smelling because he took a shower with Dial Soap. 
480 An advertisement for Diet Pepsi that is narrated by a man accompanied by music. The scene depicts various men and boys in Washington, D.C. who are taking in the sights. However, they are all distracted by "the kinda girl, girl watchers watch," who is taking a stroll. The narrator suggests that this woman "keeps her figure, keeps her cool" by drinking Diet Pepsi.
481 An advertisement for Diet Pepsi in which various women successfully zip themselves into their clothing while a jingle plays promoting how the product is only one calorie. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
482 An advertisement for Diet Rite Cola in which an offscreen narrator warns that, when it comes to weight watching, "too much of a good thing" can be a problem over shots of plates loaded with high-calorie foods. The soundtrack repeats "no, no, no" over the shots of unhealthy food, set to the tune of "Hava Nagila." The narrator recommends one-calorie Diet Rite as a woman sips a can of the product and holds it to the camera, and the song switches to exclamations of "yes, yes, yes." One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
483 An advertisement for Dilly Beans packaged foods in which a man has trouble opening a jar of Dilly Beans and a group of people quickly eat a jar of the pickled green bean product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
484 An advertisement for Dilly Beans packaged foods in which a narrator tells the viewer to quit smoking and eat Dilly Beans and a group of people quickly eat a jar of the pickled green bean product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
485 An advertisement for Dilly Beans packaged foods in which a narrator asks if it is vulgar to eat more than one Dilly Bean at a time and a group of people quickly eat a jar of the pickled green bean product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
486 An advertisement for Dippity Dew Dry Skin Mist for shower or bath in which a male narrator, accompanied by a woman singing a jingle, describes the product and when to use it. The scene depicts a nude and nearly nude woman spraying herself with Dippity Dew after her bath. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
487 An advertisement for Dipsy Doodles packaged corn chips in which a man and woman eat the product and interact with a song and dance. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
488 A person in deep thought's face is superimposed over a bubbling chemical reaction in a test bowl. We see several men working tirelessly over paper plans and machines with clocks ticking and other mechanics superimposed. The announcer proudly states the new Dodge Dart has been produced by the men at the Dodge factory. They have made an economic car that is the result of compressing 165 years of research into an innovative vehicle. We see examples of the car on the road by itself and with other cars, and we also see it on a highway with two people driving in it. 
489 Two men with safety helmets on and in white uniforms drive a Dodge car around a race track at night. They announcer says they are at the Chrysler Corporation Testing grounds in Chelsea, Michigan. In daylight they drive through a small pool of water on the track and continue to stress test the car over rough terrain. The tagline "It Pays to Own a Dodge" appears on screen at the end and is also said by the announcer.
490 A couple drives through the streets where a Mardi Gras festival is taking place with people dancing in the streets with costumes and paper mache heads and masks. There's a male and female chorus singing a jingle about the Dart which the couple joins in on as they observe the festival. Some people in the festival also join into the jingle including a costumed woman who sings only in French. We see a new couple in the car singing a duet and looking to screen for a portion of it. A group of people from the festival stand swaying around the car with the couple still inside. 
491 There's a door with Chrysler Corporation Dodge Engineering on it and we get to open the doors behind which there are two people in lab coats working on calculations and surrounded by test tubes. Quick shots are featured of chemical formulas and more test tubes, computers, switchboard, and mechanical parts. The announcer tells us more about the specifics of the car. We see workers inspecting the body of the car and the engine with clipboards and mechanical gauges. The ad ends with a call to action to see and test drive the Dodge Dart on October 9th at dealerships. 
492 An advertisement for a Dodge Dart automobile in which a white American couple travels to an unspecified Pacific island while a narrator describes the model's functionalities and the island population sings a jingle about the car. Submitted for Clio Awards category Autos.
493 An advertisement for Dodge Dealers of L.A. narrated by a man that says, "Dodge puts pep in your driving." The scene depicts a Dodge 426 cu muscle car with Dodge Dealers decals whipping through dirt roads. The car comes to a stop at the end, to reveal an old lady at the wheel who says, "We put a Dodge in our garage, honey."
494 An old lady races a Dodge car through a dirt road racecourse. 
495 An advertisement for Dodge trucks in which the automobile collides with a moving train and drives across the tracks unharmed. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
496 An advertisement for the 1960 Dodge Dart automobile by Chrysler in which a narrator follows engineers through the process of designing the car. Submitted for Clio Awards category Autos.
497 Various pies and cakes that were baked with Domestic Shorting are shown as a jingle is sung in the background.
498 A man and woman sits in a convertible while French music plays in the background. The woman bats her eyes at the man through the rear view mirror showing off her Dorothy Gray eye makeup. The man then returns her glances through the mirror and they embrace.
499 A cat explains how her owner looks younger because she uses Dorothy Gray Satura skin lotion.
500 French music plays as a man and a woman smoke while sitting at an outdoor dinning table. It then shows the woman applying Dorothy Gray Voltage perfume before cutting back to the dinning table where the man is kissing the woman.
501 A woman takes a bath with Dove Soap and models several different outfits. A narrator explains that if a woman use Dove Soap then it will make her more beautiful in all of her outfits. 
502 A woman walks along a beach to show how regular soap dries your skin while Dove soap remains moist and keeps your skin moisturized while in the sun.  
503 An advertisement for Dove soap in which a woman addresses the camera and describes how she has quit using regular soap for a year in favor of Dove. The woman recounts how she made the choice by noticing how Dove moisturized her skin while regular soap dried it out when she applied each product to one side of her face. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
504 An advertisement for Dove soap in which a woman demonstrates the moisturizing qualities of the product by washing one half of her face with regular soap and the other half with Dove in a split-screen. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
506 A couple walks along a beach before the commercial transitions to the woman washing herself with Dove Soap. 
507 An advertisement for Dove soap in which a woman wearing a mink coat and a diamond tiara has a date night in Paris. An offscreen female narrator describes the qualities of Dove beauty bars, emphasizing how the product is one-quarter cold cream, over shots of the woman using the soap during a bath and cream being poured into a container. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
508 An advertisement for Dove soap in which a woman standing outside on a blustery winter day addresses the camera about how most soaps dry out skin. The woman demonstrates the moisturizing qualities of Dove soap by applying the product to one half of her face and generic soap to the other half. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
509 An advertisement for Dow's Zefran acrylic fiber clothing line in which two female college roommates discuss the features of Zefran clothes while moving into their new living space. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
510 An advertisement for Dowgard cooling system fluid in which a man is filling his car with antifreeze and water to prepare it for the winter. His neighbor stops to tell him about Dowgard right as he slips on a roller skate and hits his head. The man wake in a dream world in which he’s inside a rusty cooling system. A voice of god tells him about Dowgard as he enters into a clean cooling system. The man wakes and immediately drives to his mechanic as the neighbor hands his daughter her roller skate.
511 An advertisement for Downy Flake packaged muffins in which a narrator demonstrates the cooking process for the product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
512 An advertisement for Dr. Pepper in which an offscreen male narrator talks to a smiling man who just discovered and drank the product. A brief animated sequence shows the product leaping out of its case as a jingle plays and the narrator says, "it's frosty, man, frosty!" Submitted for the Clio Awards.
513 An advertisement for Dr. Pepper in which several members of a corporate boardroom dance and sing merrily about the originality of the product. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
514 An advertisement for Dr. Pepper featuring animation by Johnny Hart (creator of the comic strip "B.C."), in which a caveman sculpts a soda bottle out of rock. Live-action footage of young people on a picnic and drinking Dr. Pepper follows the animation, accompanied by a jingle and offscreen narration describing the product. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
515 An advertisement for Dr. Pepper featuring animation by Johnny Hart (creator of the comic strip "B.C."), in which a caveman ties a promotional banner for the product to a prehistoric bird. Live-action footage of young people sailing on a boat and drinking Dr. Pepper follows the animation, accompanied by a jingle and offscreen narration describing the product. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
516 An advertisement for Drake's Ceme Cups packaged cakes in which a girl has trouble satisfying her sweet tooth until her friend introduces the product to her. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.

517 An advertisement for Drake's Creme Cups packaged cakes in which a narrator demonstrates the "secret" process of how the product is made. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
518 An advertisement for Drake's Ring Dings packaged cakes in which a child eats one of the products instead of causing trouble. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
519 An advertisement for Drake's Ring Dings packaged cakes in which two children play a game of "follow the leader" and travel to the store to purchase the product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
520 Dream Whip is easy to make and goes on many desserts. It is low in calories and stays fresh after making. 
521 An advertisement for Drewry's Beer in which a jingle is sung by male and female voices while an animation of the lyrics appears on screen. Also there is a character in a beret riding a unicycle.
522 An advertisement for Drewry's beer in which an animated figure stands next to the product and says "no deposit, no returns" and kicks the bottle away, and it keeps returning. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
523 An advertisement for Dromedary scone mix in which an offscreen narrator asks a stop-motion-animated woman whether she is familiar with scones. The narrator explains how scones combine the best features of biscuits, rolls, and muffins, and describes the flavor of the product over live-action close-ups of scones being cooked and served. The woman kisses an image of a scone that pops up beside her. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
524 An advertisement for Duck Head apparel in which an animated duck swims and prances atop a clothesline as a jingle plays. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
525 A man and a woman dance in front of an enlarge pack of Du Maurier cigarettes. 
526 An advertisement for Duncan Hines coconut cake mix in which a young girl gazes excitedly upon a cake at a house party and offers her father a slice. An offscreen male narrator describes the taste and colors of the product's coconut flakes over close-up shots of the cake and various toys reacting excitedly to the "coconut surprise." Submitted for the Clio Awards.
527 An advertisement for Duncan Hines devil's food cake mix in which a guitarist plays his instrument in silhouette while an offscreen narrator describes the product as "dark and rich as the throb of a guitar." The narrator extols the taste and moistness of the product over a scene of a couple at a table serving devil's food cake. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
528 An advertisement for Duncan Hines Early American cake mix in which a woman dressed in colonial American clothing is shown boiling applesauce over the fireplace to make applesauce raisin cake. An offscreen male narrator describes the features and texture of the cake mixes over close-up shots of cakes being displayed and served. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
529 An advertisement for Duncan Hines Early American date nut cake mix in which a young boy at a colonial-era general store sees his mother buying dates and nuts for a cake. An offscreen male narrator describes the moistness and richness of the cake mix over close-up shots of cake being prepared and served. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
530 An advertisement for Duncan Hines pancake mix in which a farmer and his family dance and sing about how the product is authentically "country-style." Close-ups of a pancake stack being served and jars of raw ingredients being stirred accompany the music. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
531 An advertisement for Duncan Hines vanilla cream chiffon mix in which a man and woman (dressed in a tuxedo and gown) light a candle over a chiffon cake on display at a banquet. An offscreen narrator describes the elegance of the product over close-up shots of the cake being served and cut. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
532 An advertisement for DuPont's blouses of 65% Dacron polyester and 35% cotton, in which a woman decides to wear the same blouse to work and to a baby shower right afterward. An offscreen male narrator describes how the product keeps its "crisp good looks" throughout the full day. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
533 An advertisement for Dupont Dacron polyester pipes depicting firefighters in various states of action while a narrator describes the historical development of fire hoses and the benefits of using Dacron to reinforce them. Submitted for Clio Awards category Corporate.
534 An advertisement for DuPont's dresses of 65% Dacron polyester and 35% cotton, in which a woman wears the dress on the production set of a Hollywood western. An offscreen male narrator describes how the product remains fresh even on a hot and dusty film set. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
535 An advertisement for Ban-Lon sweater shirts with DuPont nylon in which a narrator describes the product while men model them in various situations. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
536 An advertisement for DuPont Ship'n Shore blouses in which a woman discusses the Dacron polyester and cotton blends and how the product affects her life. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
537 An advertisement for DuPont apparel in which a model poses in the brand's Bobby Brooks line of clothing. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
538 An advertisement for Dupont Dacron dresses in which a narrator describes the product while four models pose in an art gallery. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
539 An advertisement for Dupont Dacron dresses in which a narrator describes the fashions of 1961 while models pose in Dupont products. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
540 An advertisement for DuPont nylon dresses in which an offscreen male narrator describes the product over scenes of a young woman wearing a nylon dress to her first date with a boy at a dance party. 
541 An advertisement for DuPont nylon shirts in which a narrator discusses the products and men model them while playing basketball. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
542 An advertisement for DuPont's Orlon acrylic fiber sweater line, in which a group of young people walk around a town while wearing the products. An offscreen male narrator describes how the products are fashionable and practical for the spring season. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
543 An advertisement for DuPont's Orlon acrylic fiber baby clothing in which two women dress a baby in an Orlon gown and kimono. An offscreen male narrator describes how the products maintain their softness and shape. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
544 An advertisement for DuPont's Orlon acrylic fiber baby clothing in which an offscreen male narrator describes the qualities of the product over scenes of parents dressing their baby and shopping for baby clothes. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
545 An advertisement for DuPont knitwear in which a narrator discusses the brand's "double knit" design and models display the fashions in various states of travel. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
546 An advertisement for DuPont's Orlon acrylic fiber sports shirts in which a father and son are shown wearing the product at the end of a boating trip. An offscreen male narrator describes the product and urges the viewer to keep it in mind for Father's Day. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
547 An advertisement for DuPont apparel in which several models pose in the brand's line of Orlon sweaters for Bobby Brooks while sitting in a ski lodge. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
548 An advertisement for Dupont Dacron men's suits in which several men engage in exercise to demonstrate the fabric's flexibility. The advertisement features a jingle that is based on "Diamonds are a Girl's Best Friend," written by Jule Styne and Leo Robin and first featured in the Broadway production of "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes." Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
549 An advertisement for DuPont Patina shoes in which a narrator describes the shoe's flexibility and durability. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
550 An advertisement for Dupont Dacron polyester suits with wool in which two men model different styles of the product in various work environments. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
551 An advertisement for Dupont acrylic sweaters in which a narrator describes how Dupont sweaters fit every facet of a woman's life. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
552 An advertisement for Dupont Dacron dresses in which a narrator describes how her day changes when she wears the product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
553 An advertisement for DuPont's Zelan water-repellant outerwear in which an offscreen male narrator describes how DuPont scientists developed the Zelan chemical as a way for clothing to repel water but let in air. The narrator describes the versatility and comfort of the product over scenes of people in Zelan clothing playing golf and building a snowman. A woman from the 1920s dances the Charleston as the narrator describes how clothing used to be different several decades ago. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
554 An advertisement for Duracell batteries in which a group of battery-powered rabbit toys with drums begin to gradually shut down, leaving one Duracell-powered rabbit remaining. An offscreen male narrator describes the product's longevity. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
555 An advertisement for Durkee's packaged foods in which a narrator demonstrates the ways to use the brand's boxed coconut product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
556 The commercial shows how popular Durkee's Spices is to other brands because people eat the all the food with Durkee's Spices while not finishing the food made with the other brands.
557 Women clothes are thrown over a changing screen. When the screen is removed it is revealed that the person behind the screen is a man smoking Dutch Masters Cigars. 
558 A farmer’s wife tells her husband the reason why the laundry is so clean is because she used Duz laundry detergent. 
559 A public service announcement from the East Lost Angeles Health Task Force in which EMTs load a man on a stretcher into an ambulance following a car crash. An offscreen narrator states that "drunk drivers get carried away" and a telephone number appears onscreen. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
560 An advertisement for an indoor gas incinerator in which a man speaks to the camera about the incinerator then pronounces, "oh, by George, its great!"
561 An advertisement for gas ranges in which a female voice sings a jingle, accompanied by music, about gas ranges and a special deal on "gold star days." A simple animation can be seen of various including a woman in a dress and gas ranges.
562 An advertisement for Eastern Airlines in which an offscreen female narrator promotes the airline's winter travel options to sites like Florida, the Caribbean, and Mexico. Animated sequences featuring beaches, ocean life, and sailboating play as the narrator describes each destination. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
563 A family sitting in a waiting room declare that they will be the judge of whether their car is fixed or not. When the mechanic notify them that their car is fixed each family member inspects the car and declares that it is fixed.
564 Someone running down a dirt road in a see-through white top and white pants with red silk wrapped around some of it. She has red diaphanous fabric in her hands that she waves as she runs around a sandy area with a smile. Another person with an elaborate hair updo and a colorful dress puts a jug on her shoulders and walks near a waterfall's edge. She holds out the jug to collect water, then we just see her feet as she walks over rocks to the other side of the creek. Woman on a rock with lots of jewelry on, looks to camera and then runs away. Another woman looks as if she's yelling as she arrives at an elevation peak. There's a woman leaning with one leg against a tree in a black catsuit and lots of jewelry. She looks to camera through the jewelry. We see the sun and then the silhouette of a rocky path with a person walking on it.  
565 An advertisement for Eaton's department stores in which a greaser in a 1950s diner encounters a variety of women who surround him and begin dancing as a rock and roll theme plays. A man in a suit enters the diner and the women abandon the greaser to follow him out. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
566 An advertisement for Eaton's department stores in which a forlorn young woman observes various fashionable people walking and interacting with each other on a city block as a jingle plays. A man in a trench coat meets the woman on the street and the two embrace. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
567 A Spanish-language advertisement for the Ebro Siata-40 van in which a delivery man drives chaotically around a city and an underground subway station with a large wedding cake loaded in the back of his van. The man arrives at a wedding with the cake intact, only to drop it when he is startled by a small child. One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
568 Advertising their duplicate prints for film, a woman writes several love letters enclosing photos of herself.
569 An advertisement for Elmer's Glue-All in which a narrator demonstrates the adhesive strength of the product by applying it to a set of wooden beams and then pulling the beams apart with construction equipment. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
570 An advertisement for Endicott Johnson shoes in which a narrator describes the durability of the brand's leather shoe. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
571 An advertisement for Esskay Franks packaged hot dogs in which a man describes how he quit smoking and began eating a "pack" of the product every day. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
572 An advertisement for Esso (Standard Oil) Kerosene in which a narrator describes culture and labor in Holland and how Esso kerosene affects these aspects of Dutch life. Submitted for Clio Awards category Corporate.
573 An advertisement for Esso (Standard Oil) Kerosene in which a narrator describes the life of a woman in Lapland, Finland and the process by which kerosene is delivered to her home. Submitted for Clio Awards category Corporate.
574 An advertisement for Atlas Bucron Tires in which a male narrator talks about the "no squeal" tire. Various cars drive around in circles making the tires squeal. The Bucron tires are silent and can stop quickly on wet pavement.
575 An advertisement for Ever Sweet chilled orange juice narrated by a man accompanied by music. The scene depicts all the ways Ever Sweet's competitors abuse oranges to make their orange juices. The scene ends with Ever Sweet's product being compared to fresh squeezed orange juice.
576 An advertisement for Eveready Flashlight Batteries in which a male narrator compares a boxers in a boxing match to the power of flashlight batteries. The advertisement ends showing various uses of the flashlight and the logo for Union Carbide.
577 An advertisement for Eveready Flashlight Batteries in which a young boy runs about then goes to sleep. He wake with lots of energy and plays with his father's tools, including a flashlight. The narrator speaks about the quality product showing images of the father using his flashlight and batteries and then the logo for Union Carbide .
578 An advertisement for Eveready Radio Batteries in which a male narrator speaks about radio batteries while a man is shown laying back in his patio chair listening to the radio. A baseball game is super imposed then the radio stops as his batteries have died. The narrator speaks about the quality product showing images of batteries and then the logo for Union Carbide .
579 An advertisement for Evergood Kaffee in which an English woman convinces her butler to serve the Norwegian coffee brand to her husband for his tea time. Submitted for the Clio Awards International category. 
580 A narrator explains how many companies have altered their orange juice to try to make it more appealing. He then states how Eversweet Orange Juice is made traditionally with no alterations. 
581 An advertisement from Exxon in commemoration of the 1976 U.S. bicentennial, in which an offscreen narrator describes the achievements of teacher and disability rights advocate Anne Sullivan. Scenes of Sullivan instructing a young Helen Keller accompany the narration. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
582 An advertisement from Exxon in commemoration of the 1976 U.S. bicentennial, in which an offscreen male narrator describes how an Arkansas country boy grew up to be Major League Baseball pitcher Jay "Dizzy" Dean. A scene of a boy pitching a baseball into basket in his backyard accompanies the narration. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
583 An advertisement from Exxon in commemoration of the 1976 U.S. bicentennial, in which an offscreen male narrator describes the spirit of the Mississippi River and the influence of author Mark Twain. Shots of Twain sailing the river and scenes from Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn accompany the narration. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
584 An advertisement for Farah apparel in which various models pose in the brand's Polycryl slacks around a school campus. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
585 Recent parents of twins praise Fay Drug store for their baby bonus plan which offers parents discounts on baby products until their child sixth birthday.
586 A woman states that she only shops from stores that know their products and that why she shops at Fay's for vitamins.
587 A woman puts on makeup as she states that all of her cosmetics were purchased at Fay's for a good price.
588 A woman celebrates a day where she remembers a loved one. The woman then receives a box of chocolate and a card that were purchased at Fay's.
589 An advertisement for Faygo Royal Pineapple Orange soda in which a male and female duo sing a jingle over shots of pineapples and oranges and the product being poured into a glass. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
590 An advertisement for Faygo Cola in which a jingle plays over a scene of young people water skiing. An offscreen narrator touts the product's refreshing qualities as the performers pour a bottle of it into a cup in slow-motion. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
591 An advertisement for Faygo Cola in which a jingle plays over a scene of young people diving into and swimming in a pool. An offscreen narrator touts the product's "refreshability." Submitted for the Clio Awards.
592 An animated advertisement for Faygo Rock & Rye cream soda in which a small boy named Donald repeatedly inserts bottles of the product into his father's suitcase while the father is packing for a trip. The father tries to distract Donald and remove the bottles, to no avail. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
593 Two workers install a Fayva shoe sign. The boss is skeptical of Fayva but his employee praise Fayva and convinces his boss to go in the store. The boss comes out a satisfied customer.
594 An advertisement for Felix canned cat food in which a British man builds a door flap for his pet cat while his wife opens a can of Felix food for the cat to eat. The cat breaks through the door flap and eats the meal, revealing itself to actually be a baby tiger. One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
595 An advertisement for Nabisco Fig Newtons packaged cookies in which two varieties of fig dance a minuet and combine to create the product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
596 An advertisement for Nabisco Fig Newtons packaged cookies in which a narrator discusses how eating one cookie always leads to another. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
597 A college teacher quits his job and takes a higher paying job at a company to better provide for his family. A narrator warns the audience about the exodus of qualified higher education teachers and ask them to write to Higher Education. 
598 An advertisement for Firestone Batteries in which a man is driving his car and listening to the radio. He's about to turn the radio off until he hears a advertisement to stop and think about the last time he had his battery checked. The spokesperson on the radio says Firestone offers free battery tests. The man thinks about it then stops in his Firestone service station.
599 An advertisement for Firestone tires in which a man in an old car struggles to get his car out of the snow as his wife looks out through a window. A male narrator talks about the difficulty of old tires. Then a modern car is seen driving easily though snow. The narrator talks about the product's new features.
600 A French advertisement for Firestone tires in which a man at a race track addresses the camera while a race car speeds around the track. To demonstrate the braking capacity of the tires, the man stands directly in front of the oncoming car, which stops abruptly before hitting him. One of the winners of the 1971 Clio Awards.
601 An advertisement for First National Bank of Kansas City in which a man writes to thank his father for his advice to enroll in the bank program. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
602 An advertisement for First National Bank of Portland in which a narrator instructs the viewer on how best to save money using the bank's services. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
603 An advertisement for First Pennsylvania Bank services in which a narrator laughs at a man for saving money for barber school and the man hits him. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
604 An advertisement for First Pennsylvania Bank services in which a narrator laughs at a woman for saving money for karate lessons and she hits him. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
605 An advertisement for First Security Bank in which an animated man introduces the institution's "check way" checking account. Summary for Clio Awards category Banks.
607 An advertisement for First Security Bank in which an animated man stands on a weight scale and a narrator compares a systematic diet to a savings plan at the bank. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
608 An advertisement for First Security Bank in which an animated man sits on top of a model of his home and considers buying a larger one. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
609 An advertisement for First Security Bank in which an animated man holds a paper over his head to repel rain, representing his emergency savings plan. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
610 An advertisement for First Security Bank in which an animated man nervously introduces the institution's services. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
611 An advertisement for First Security Bank in which an animated man rests on a cloud and holds up his savings plan to indicate how relaxed he feels. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
612 An advertisement for First Security Bank in which an animated man nervously introduces the institution's services by altering a sign to include the slogan. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
613 An advertisement for First Security Bank in which an animated fortune teller looks into a crystal ball and finds a new car using a "timeway" loan. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
614 An advertisement for First Security Bank in which an animated man guards a pile of valuable documents but someone burns them with a match, and the narrator suggests a safety deposit box to prevent this emergency. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
615 An advertisement for First Security Bank in which an animated man nervously introduces the institution's services in front of a large check. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
616 An advertisement for ATM services at First Wisconsin National Bank, in which a boisterous Texan businessman coaxes a meek bank teller into joining him for a spending spree around town. The teller visits an ATM to get quick cash and an offscreen male narrator describes the features and benefits of the "24-hour teller." One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
617 A couple dance together. A narrator then states that Five Day Deodorant works. 
618 An advertisement for Fizzies drink tablets in which a little girl daydreams in voiceover narration about her family and the product while lying in bed. Animated visualizations appear over her head as she narrates. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
619 An advertisement for Flako coffee cake mixes in which two animated men announce new "date nugget" and "old-fashioned" varieties with a bugle call. An offscreen narrator describes the products over scenes of coffee cake being prepared and served. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
620 An advertisement for Flako corn muffin and pie crust mixes in which two animated men promote the products using mummy and Sherlock Holmes props. An offscreen male narrator describes the products over live-action shots of a mother and daughter preparing and eating muffins in a kitchen. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
621 A cartoon dog trained himself in order to reward himself with Milk-Bone Flavor Snacks. 
622 A woman’s washer sings that it wants Fleecy laundry detergent. 
623 An advertisement for Fleischmann's packaged active dry yeast in which a woman demonstrates the product by baking a jam coffee braid. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
624 An advertisement for Florida orange juice in which a narrator describes the nutrition information for frozen orange juice while an animated family consumes it. Submitted for Clio Awards category Corporate.
625 Different men achieve success in life as people notice them because of their new Florsheim shoes. The entire commercial only shows the mens' feet/shoes.
626 An advertisement for Fluffo shortening in which a woman sings and hums the nursery song "Billy Boy" while preparing a cherry pie and an offscreen narrator describes how the product yields flaky crust textures. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
627 An advertisement for Fluffo shortening in which a man uses the product in a pan to fry trout while sitting and humming by a stream. An offscreen male narrator describes the product over shots of the man deboning and eating the fish. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
628 A woman baths in a bubble bath with Helene Curtis Foam Silk soap. The woman states that the Foam Silk Soap is the reason why her skin is so beautiful. 
629 Video essay from IU Libraries Moving Image Archive Jorgensen Fellow, Noni Ford. Noni utilizes research conducted in IULMIA's Clio Advertisement Collection, to present a video essay on the use of youth in Pepsi ad campaigns over time. 

For more information, see the IU Libraries Blog Post : https://blogs.libraries.indiana.edu/filmarch/2024/02/09/clio-awards-collection-pepsi/
630 A Spanish-language advertisement for Ford in which several Ford vehicles wearing parachutes drop from the back of a large aircraft on a runway. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
631 A couple in stop motion photo stills do a routine as they talk about looking for the right car for them. They have very expressive faces as they go through the process of describing their likes and dislikes in cars. They talk about how the '59 Ford is perfect for them. The Ford displayed is purple and white in the ad. They sing a duet to tell their story with instrumental music accompanying them. 
632 An advertisement for a 1959 Ford automobile in which two people sing about how one can tell they are sitting in a Ford because the brand makes the most comfortable cars. Submitted for Clio Awards category Autos.
633 Cartoon bird cops try to catch the criminal falcon but are unable because the falcon is too fast and has more gas than the cops. Unable to beat the falcon the birds cops join him and become falcons themselves.
634 An advertisement for the Ford Motor Company in which a man addresses the camera about various safety features that Ford has taken in its vehicles, emphasizing how it is the responsibility of both manufacturers and drivers to "do their part" to reduce automobile accidents. An ending title card encourages the viewer to write in to the company with feedback. One of the winners of the 1971 Clio Awards.
635 A man and woman on a snowy carriage ride continues their romance as they return to their parked Ford Galaxy.
636 A plane glides in the sky and the pilot looks siren as he touches down on tarmac. Ford vehicles drive on the same tarmac. They are driving at the same time planes are taking off into the sky. We see two to three people in the cars as they drive and the occupants look up at the planes above them. The announcer tells us about the Ford Sunliner and Starliner vehicles you can test drive now at dealerships. 
637 A tiger confronts a Ford Starliner and Sunliner. The Starliner and Sunliner are compared to the tiger as the tiger walks around the cars.
638 A man shows how a car can develop rust and corrosion. He then shows Ford's car factory assembly line and the workers rust proofing cars.
639 A man takes a long smoke before stating how the 64 Ford have really changed. 
640 A director instructs an actor to say the line “the 64 Fords are stronger, smoother, and steadier”.
641 A Ford is parked in front of the Fountain of Villa d'Este in Rome. A woman in fancy clothes walks around the Ford as majestic music plays.
642 Inside of a giant telescope points upwards as the doors start to open to display the night sky above. Close by we see groups of people dressed for a black tie event mingling with each other. A shooting star appears in the sky and lands on the grass as a new Ford vehicle, this repeats two more times and each Ford displayed is white. The announcer talks about each and a short jingle is sung after he is finished talking. The party walks over to where the Fords are parked and they start to look and point at them as they surround each of the new models. 
643 Two men on a camera rig are boosted up as an announcer tells us we are on the Warner Brothers lot. The ad mentions the new movie "Saratoga Truck" starring Ingrid Bergman who would be featured in another Ford sponsored ad. It also mentions current and past credits filmed on the soundstages including "Life with Father", "Spirit of St. Louis", and "Ice Palace". For each soundstage and time period they put a 1960 Ford model and show the actors in the scene interacting with the vehicle and being amazed by it. This ad highlights the  Galaxie, Starliner, station wagon models, and the Fairlane 500 Ford. We see the crew in many of the shots preparing the scenes and the director and company sitting in seats watching the sets with their backs to us. 
644 An announcer talks about the very first Ford sold as we see fields of grain, rivers, and nature. We see a small settlement where most people are walking or riding on buggies with horses. As the Ford comes out of the garage people make exclamations about it. The announcer then takes us through each Ford model and each model starts to join a long line of other Fords on a long road in the sunshine. We see all the Ford models before 1960 together before we cut to a scene of the three new Ford models of 1960, which includes a Falcon and Thunderbird. The models drive together on a long tarmac road with the mountains behind them and the sun setting.
645 Man in a suit and hat is alone on screen in stop-motion photos he acts out the jingle being sung. He acts out being in a too small car as the vocalist sing that "that's not a Ford" in regards to the problems detailed. We see the 1959 Ford. The roominess of the car is a main selling point and the words "Ford is proportioned for you" appear on screen at the end. 
646 Young boy with a red hat drags a sled into his snow-covered yard then runs up to his mother at the door putting up a wreath. They both look to the driveway excited. The Ford station wagon parks in the front of the house. A man and boy wearing thick coats step out of the car and head to the back as the mother and son walk up to them. The man takes out a huge tree from the back and the other boy grabs a large gift box before everyone walks inside. The station wagon is parallel parked on a busy street with people walking around the sidewalk. A man comes out of the toy shop right next to the car and puts a sled into the back trunk. We see a bunch of other gifts in the trunk. A family smiles as they look out their window at carolers singing. Once done singing everyone waves at the family and they wave back as the carolers begin to leave. We look at the wood paneling and the announcer talks about the details of the car as all of the carolers get into it. The couple in the house are on the front porch waving as the carolers drive away. 
647 Alice from Alice in Wonderland in her signature blue and white pinafore dress is standing in front of an ornate, gilded mirror. She walks through the ‘looking glass’ into another dimension. We see seven station wagons on a gravel area in a garden full of white flowers and sculptured greenery. There’s a castle far off in the background. Someone in a walrus costume greets her and displays the cars with his hands. In one vehicle we have the king in the passenger seat. In another a person in a two of Hearts costume comes over to the car and opens the trunk. Several more people in card costumes start to unpack everything in the back, including a boat. There are six people in another vehicle, all wearing card costumes except for the Queen of Hearts in the very front. The announcer talks about the benefits of each station wagon and then goes through with names for all of them while more characters in costumes walk through the frame. The title ‘ Ford Wagon Wonderland’ appears at the end. 
648 A race car driver shows off his Ford Anglia to his friends. The commercial transitions to a family buying an Anglia and going on a trip to the beach.
649 A spotlight searches a field of cars before locating a Ford Fairlane. The Fairlane is presented as a compact car that still retains a spacious interior. 
650 Hazel, a middle-aged woman, proposes to her husband that their third car should be the Ford Fairlene due to its large size, ease of parking, and low cost. When her husband states that he doesn’t have time to test drive the car, Hazel reveal to him that she had already brought the Fairlene home for him to drive. 
651 Letters rearrange themselves to advertise the Ford Falcon as a man narrates.
652 A jingle about the 13 different types of Ford Falcons is accompanied by illustrations and animations that depicts the words in the lyrics. 
653 A advertisement for the Ford Falcon wagon featuring characters from the Peanuts cartoons, in which a narrator teaches Linus about the car. Submitted for Clio Awards category Autos.
654 Lucy approaches Charlie Brown, Snoopy, Linus, and Schroeder with a new jingle for the Ford Falcon. Schroeder plays the jingle as the rest of the peanuts dance and sing the jingle. 
655 Snoopy, Linus, and Pig Pen from the Peanuts are shown the benefits of the 1961 Ford Falcon.
656 An advertisement for a 1964 Ford Falcon automobile in which a man guides the viewer through a tour of the car's design specifications and gives a road test demonstration. Submitted for Clio Awards category Autos.
657 Four planes fly in formation, we then see a set of buildings below them. The announcer says this is the US Air Force Academy. We see at least a hundred men in military uniform marching in formation in different groups. Someone in a blue uniform and a badge has a falcon on his wrist and he lets it loose. We follow its flight as it comes back to its owner. In the background a Ford Falcon is driving in the car behind them on the road. There’s a man in a suit in the car and the announcer talks about how this car took part in Experience Run USA for the past three years so it's been heavily tested. We see cadets out on the lawn in white uniforms with rifles as they go into formation and all march together. The car drives next to an Air Force plane on the tarmac. A man in uniform exits the vehicle and some couples and one man surround him and the car and they begin to ask questions about mileage and spaciousness. All six people then load up into the car and drive off together. We see them on an empty road driving towards a mountain landscape. The falcon on the man’s wrist sits and adjusts itself in the foreground. A patriotic instrumental is playing in the whole ad. 
658 An advertisement for the 1960 Ford Galaxie automobile in which a narrator describes how a photographer falls in love with one of his models, revealed to be the Ford, while he courts the woman in his photographs and by the end they view photos of the car as a couple. Submitted for Clio Awards category Autos.
659 A man drives a Ford Galaxie up a forested mountain road. 
660 Two cowboys use a Ford Galaxie as a horse to chase down and lasso a bull.
661 A Ford Galaxie drives on beaches and seashores. Translucent footage of waters and waves are are overlaid on top of the footage of the Galaxie to give the impression that the Galaxie is driving on water.
662 The Ford Galaxie only needs to be serviced twice a year due to its rust prevention and efficient design. 
663 "Vogue says Ford means a fashion success". We several women dressed in elegant dresses in different locations around New York City with a Ford Galaxie nearby all of them. A female vocalist sings about being fashionable and then starts singing about the car and we see a wide shot of it. An announcer talks about the beauty of the car, and says the car was in a recent issue of Vogue magazine. We see more shots of the car from the side and other angles. The tagline is repeated by the vocalist at the end with the pin showing the statement on screen again.
664 An office building at night, streetlamps, floodlights, and a fancy chandelier are displayed as the announcer talks about the fun of night life. In a lobby two very fashionable couples meet and the announcer talks about Vogue fashion trends, specifically silk brocade suits. There's mention of other textiles and fashion trends throughout the ad. They then go outside and see a Ford Galaxie with friends in it, one couple goes in the backseat and the car is talked about more. Cut to people getting off a yacht and a dinner is set out the docks with very fashionable people. The Ford Thunderbird pulls up nearby and two couples walk towards it talking to the driver and marveling at the car. Then at a carousel in the park a couple is having a great time when their friends pull up in a Ford Falcon. Two couples walk over to the couple in the car and all fit inside as they drive away. At the end the announcer says that Vogue endorses the Fords for being fashionable. 
665 An advertisement for the 1975 Ford Granada in which a man affixes new hubcaps and a Mercedes logo to his Granada parked in his driveway. An offscreen male narrator describes how the Granada is more affordable than the Mercedes-Benz 280 while still allowing onlookers to believe the owner paid the premium Mercedes price. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
666 An advertisement for a Ford Mercury Meteor in which a male narrator talks about the car as an old man at a gas station general store fills the car with gasoline and inspects the car. Western music plays in the background. Narration is in French.
667 Ford trucks are shown being used around the world in different environments and for different occupational needs.
668 An advertisement for the Ford Starliner in which a man drives the car down a highway while the narrator describes its responsiveness, engine, brakes, and roof. The advertisement features "Sabre Dance" from Aram Khachaturian's ballet "Gayane." Submitted for Clio Awards category Autos.
669 A Great Dane is sitting on the lawn and it spring into action running for the door of a large Tudor-style house. A man in a summer suit exits the house and pets the dog. At the end of his front walkway is a Thunderbird. He walks to it with his dog following him closely and observes the car touching the bodywork and upholstery as the announcer describes why owners of this car love the features so much. The man enter the car after his dog and opens the sun roof. He stops near a lake and sees a woman alone with a poodle in her Thunderbird putting down the automatic top to make it a convertible. The man watches in amazement and then drives on with him driving down a road with fences and Spanish moss trees around him as the last shot in the ad.
670 An animated bird named Perky Ford introduces himself and then tells us more about the Ford pickup truck and the cost-saving that you get by buying one as opposed to competitor trucks. He is a woodpecker that pecks out figures on nearby pieces of wood during the ad. We follow a Ford pickup that is a Clover Leaf Nursery truck and the workers as they drop off plants to a residential house. 
671 An advertisement for Big Dip "ice milk" in which an animated man tells an ice cream scoop about the product and the scoop creates a sculpture of the Eifel Tower out of the ice milk.
672 Two men walk around town taking photographs of clowns, roller skaters, and newlyweds. One man is doubtful and thinks that all this photography "stuff" is too complicated while the other man explains how Fotomat had made photography accessible and convenient.
673 An advertisement for Franklin Federal bank in which a postal worker opens a mail box to find it full of letters addressed to the bank. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
674 An advertisement for French's instant mashed potatoes in which a narrator describes how the product is processed and a baby consumes the cooked dish. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
675 An advertisement for French's packaged scallop potatoes in which a narrator describes the product's cooking process and two people eat the completed dish. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
676 A hobo circus clown sits down to eat a hot dog with French's Mustard when a boy approaches the clown eyeing the hot dog. The clown reluctantly hands over the hot dog to the boy.
677 An advertisement for French's cooper kitchen sauce mixes. It shows how quick and easy it is to create a variety of recipes such as beef stroganoff, brown gravy, and sour and cream.
678 Children have fun playing at a picnic before they eagerly rush to the picnic table to eat food with French's mustard.
679 A scientist for Fresh Deodorant affirms the many benefits and truths about Fresh products. At the end of the commercial the scientist becomes depressed because despite using Fresh products he is still unable to attract women. A narrator interjects and states “Fresh doesn’t promise eternal romance. All Fresh does is keep you Fresh.”
680 A narrator talks about how Fresh deodorant passes the three tests of a good deodorant and that Fresh deodorant is not a short cut towards romance. 
681 An advertisement for Fresh spray deodorant in which an offscreen male narrator describes safari photographer Betty Bruce's work in Africa over footage of her team taking pictures of various wildlife. Bruce addresses the narrator about the importance of the deodorant in the African heat. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
682 An advertisement for Fresh spray deodorant in which pilot Pippa Williams talks about managing an airport in Kenya and using the product in the African heat. An offscreen male narrator describes qualities of the product over close-up shots of the deodorant being sprayed. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
683 A woman dances as a narrator explains that for people who are physically active, Fresh Super Spray is the best choice of deodorant. 
684 An advertisement for Fresh deodorant products in which a woman, framed in close-up, addresses the camera and discusses Fresh's stick, roll-on, and new spray deodorants while holding up the respective products. The woman emphasizes how Fresh's spray deodorant is the first product of its kind for women.  Submitted for the Clio Awards. 
685 A woman who is late to her date rushes through a city. As she begins to sweat, she wished she used Fresh Spray Deodorant. 
686 A narrator states that if you live in a place that gets very hot you need Fresh deodorant. As the narrator talks, footage is shown of people sweating in the heat. 
687 A person finds themselves in nerve-racking situations such as giving a speech, going to the dentist, and having their in-laws over. In order to smell good in these situations they use Fresh Deodorant Spray.  
688 Fresh Deodorant [unknown title] : Pictures of a woman plucking flowers are shown as a narrator state how Fresh does not promise to lead you towards romance.

Ivory Bar "Best for Judy": A little girl ,named Judy, plays house and brings home Ivory soap from her shopping trip. Judy then takes a bath as a narrator talks about how Ivory soap is the best soap for girls and their mothers.
689 An advertisement for Friskies dog food in which an animated dog tells a smaller animated dog to "be frisky" and the smaller dog jumps around energetically. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
690 An advertisement for Frito's corn chips in which a baby eats the product and enjoys it. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
691 An advertisement for Fruit of the Loom undergarments in which actress Jan Miner asks shopping market consumers to guess the price of the product and they are surprised when the real answer is lower than they guessed. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
692 An advertisement for Fruit of the Loom Stretch Socks in which children's television show host Captain Kangaroo (Bob Keeshan) demonstrates the stretchiness of the product with a puppet named Princey the Puppy. Captain Kangaroo displays a promotion for a Fruit of the Loom college scholarship contest related to the socks. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
693 An advertisement for Frying Spry cooking fat in which an animated chef details how the product is superior to butter, oil, or shortening over live-action shots of food being cooked in frying pans. An offscreen narrator extols the product over a shot of a dinner table full of food. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
694 An advertisement for Fuji Waste Disposer in which an offscreen male narrator speaks in Japanese over shots of metal cans raining down over a barren landscape. The cans are placed in a waste disposal unit, which crushes and stacks them into tidy-looking bricks for recycling. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
695 A sales representative pesters a women into buying five arrow shirts for Christmas. 
696 An elderly woman asks a sales clerk for an American Tourister suitcase. After confirming with the clerk that the suitcase is durable, she tested it out by whacking her cane on the suitcase.
697 A man plays the piano while a woman models jewelry available at G. Fox and Co. Department Store. 
698 Instead stocking the shelves, Arnold tries on the new Levi Panatela suits. Arnold is then caught in the act when his manager returns.
699 A Christmas commercial that showcases the Oyster Blender at G. Fox & Co. 
700 A woman sales representative admires a male customer trying on a raincoat. The woman tells the man that he looks great in the raincoat.
701 A girl asks a sale clerk for a ties. After showing the girl most of the ties, the clerk realize the girl had been teasing him and that she had already selected a tie.
702 A man Christmas shopping in the coat section picks up a glove he thought belonged to a mannequin. The woman mannequin becomes real and suggest that he should buy a white stag coat for his girlfriend. The mannequin then turns back into a statue and the man is left in shock.
703 A sales clerk speaking like a Dr. Seuss character reveals all the products available at G. Fox & Co. for Christmas. Then everybody in the store rushes outside to wave goodbye to Santa who had been shopping at G. Fox & Co.
704 A narrator explains the different features of the GE coffee maker including the easily to clean stainless steel and the coffee/water measuring gauge. 
705 An advertisement for General Electric light bulbs in which an animation of Mister Magoo is pictured trying to buy new light bulbs accompanied by his cat. Mister Magoo is nearsighted and get many things wrong. As he is in a store his cat is scared by a dog and drags home the entire light bulb display. The advertisement ends with Mister Magoo singing a GE jingle.
706 An advertisement for General Electric portable mixer in which a male narrator describes the product while a group of young people gather to mix milk shakes and other drinks. A young woman shows the various functions of the mixer and how to store it on a wall
711 An advertisement for various General Electric appliances in which a Christmas animation depicts a sleigh riding past a GE store. A jingle plays, accompanied by music, personifying different appliances, including a mixer, an alarm click, and a rotisserie oven.
712 An advertisement for GE Snooz-Alarm Clocks in which a male narrator speaks, accompanied my music, informing audience they can exchange their old clocks for money in exchange for purchasing a new GE Snooze-Alarm clock. Product is pictured and demonstrated.
713 An advertisement for General Electric featuring Don Herbert in which the television host stands in a model kitchen and describes how new appliances have affected labor hours and cost since 1930. Submitted for Clio Awards category Corporate.
714 An advertisement for the General Electric company featuring Don Herbert in which the television host teaches a child named Flip about how the company allocates revenue. Submitted for Clio Awards category Corporate.
715 An advertisement for General Electric garbage disposals in which an offscreen male narrator describes the disease risk from common houseflies and how the town of Jasper, Indiana eradicated most of their flies through reforming garbage collection and installing GE kitchen disposals. Close-ups of flies and footage of Jasper accompany the narration. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
716 An advertisement for General Electric in which actor and Native American chief Dan George talks about the significance of Lake Tahoe to his people. An offscreen male narrator discusses how General Electric's sewage treatment systems allow Lake Tahoe to remain one of the cleanest lakes in the world. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
717 An advertisement for General Electric in which an elderly man named Bernie Wallach plays tennis while recounting in voiceover narration how he recently survived a near-death experience. A different male narrator describes how Bernie suffered a heart attack that doctors were able to detect quickly because of General Electric's coronary monitoring equipment at the hospital. Bernie stops playing tennis and goes to meet his young granddaughter Emily while the narrator describes Bernie's story as an example of General Electric's commitment to "men helping man." One of the winners of the 1971 Clio Awards.
718 An advertisement for General Electric featuring Don Herbert in which the television hosts teaches five-year-old children about owning stock and the company's contribution to the growth of American industry. Submitted for Clio Awards category Corporate.
719 An advertisement for General Electric 3-Way Light Bulbs in which the animated character Mister Magoo replaces the original lightbulbs to GE 3-Way after he tries to nurse a monkey he thought was a human baby. Submitted for Clio Awards.
720 An advertisement for General Electric appliances in which a group of stop motion elves describes the brand's products that would make good Christmas gifts. Submitted for Clio Awards.
721 General Electric show off the various ways that their company have contributed to aiding the United States in the space race.
722 In an episode of the General Electric Theater, a narrator reflects on the rapid expansion of technology during the Gershwin years and how General Electric enable this era of technological expansion.
723 In this General Electric Theater, the narrator talks about the recent contribution General Electric has made to the aviation, law enforcement, lighting, medical, and cooking industries.
724 In this episode of General Electric Theater, the General Electric research facility is showcase. Some of the project the facility is working on relate to gas, thermionic conversion, and hypersonic shock tunnels.
725 An advertisement for General Electric Soft White Light Bulbs in which the animated character Mister Magoo replaces the original lightbulbs to GE Soft White after he tries to eat a stack of letters he thought was food. Submitted for Clio Awards.
726 An advertisement for General Electric Soft White Light Bulbs in which the animated character Mister Magoo replaces the original light bulbs to GE Soft White after he confuses a burglar with his relative. Submitted for Clio Awards.
727 An advertisement for General Motors in which a male narrator describes the company's initiative in designing a windshield that can withstand the impact of stones. Two test drives, first with a regular windshield and the second with GM's more damage-resistant windshield, are demonstrated, and the narrator argues that the new windshields are further proof that GM cares about keeping consumer repair costs down. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
728 A young boy longs for his own car. As he wanders around the neighborhood he watches Cadillac, Oldsmobile, Buicks, Pontiacs, and Chevrolets and dreams of owning one.  The narrator encourages all viewers who dream of owning one of those cars to visit a General Motor dealer.   
729 An advertisement for General Telephone in which a man addresses the camera about how the company is improving its services and thanks customers for their patience, all while an offscreen crowd boos and throws food at him. One of the winners of the 1971 Clio Awards.
730 An advertisement for General Tires in which a male narrator, accompanied by music, talks about the safety risk of poor tires. The camera pans over a junkyard full of cars damaged by crashes. The narrator talks about the safety and durability of General Dual 90 tires as a family drives around on an interstate highway.
731 An advertisement for General Tire service in which an animated doctor, in the likeness of Albert Einstein, diagnoses the various ailments of all five tires on a car. Then he recommends people go to General Tire for their tire servicing needs.
732 An advertisement for General Tires in which a male narrator, accompanied by music, talks about the importance of tire and wheel safety checkups. An animated man rides on five tires until he show that they are all damaged. He goes to General Tires to have a safety check up and wheel alignment.
733 An advertisement for Genesee Beer in which an animated man holding a projector enter the living room of a couple. He sets up the projector and a screen, scaring a cat, and displays a Genesee Beer advertisement with jingle on the screen. After the advertisement plays he picks up his things, leaves, as the woman exclaims, "He was late today!"
734 An advertisement for Genesee beer in which a logger named Ron Richard laments how his friends "out East" introduced him to his new favorite beer and he cannot find it where he lives.
735 An advertisement for Genesee beer in which a simple line drawn animation of two men walk back and forth. One man has a hat and umbrella while the other man is wearing a sandwich board that is wired for sound and says various things and pictures images of ingredients. The advertisement ends with a jingle for Genesee.
736 A mother reflects on the big milestone in a toddler life including the types of foods they eat. As the mother begins to talk about baby food, cartoon babies present different types of Gerber baby foods to the audience while they perform circus acts.
737 An advertisement for Gilbey's gin in which a man with an English accent speaks to a woman about gin in a nonsense language. A final title card states that drinking Gilbey's will help one "understand the English." Submitted for the Clio Awards International category. 
738 A man face is labeled a 9 for being the toughest kind of face to shave and requiring a person to set the setting on a Gillette Adjustable Razor to 9. However, with the new Gillette razorblade he can get a clean shave on a lower setting.  
739 An egg is fried on a nonstick pan. A narrator states that the same plastic used in a nonstick pan is also used in Gillette razorblades and it is the unexplained reason for why people get clean shaves when the use Gillette razors. 
740 A narrator warns fathers not to buy their Gillette travel kit because they might receive one for Father’s Day. While the narrator is talking a boy wraps a travel kit and tests the shaving cream in the kit.
741 An advertisement for Gillette Platinum-Plus razors in which a man shaves in the mirror while his young son looks on nearby. An offscreen male narrator extols the qualities of the product, emphasizing how Gillette makes a better double-bladed razor now than "the one your father used." One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
742 The camera pans over the graveyard of unused razorblades caused by people switching to Gillette Stainless Blades. A man is then shown being spoiled by shaving with a Gillette razorblade.
743 A woman sings about her lamentation of how a man named Simon Pure shaves his beard with a Gillette razor and becomes spoiled.
744 An advertisement for Gillette Sun Up after shave in which a woman picks her drowsy husband out of bed and puts the product on his face in order to wake him up. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
745 An advertisement for Gillette Sun Up after shave in which a man puts the product on his face in the morning and begins acting in a way reminiscent of the early "Tarzan" films. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
746 A Gillette Super Silver Blade is used to split a human hair multiple times to show its sharpness. 
747 After a barber closes for the night, he secretly starts to shave with a Gillette razor and not with his straight razor. He is nearly discovered by one of his customers who had come back to ask a question. 
748 A man asks his face if he should get a Gillette Techmatic Razor.  The face enthusiastically states that he always longed for one and explains to the man all the reasons why he wanted one. 
749 A reenactment of an 1840 baseball game takes place as a narrator explains the differences between 1840 and modern baseball. The commercial concludes with the narrator stating that both baseball and men faces have change. 
750 A man in a stormy background is skeptical of using a Gillette Techmatic razor. As soon as the man uses the Techmatic he becomes happy and the background changes to a peaceful sunrise. 
751 A man has a nightmare of being unable to shave and having a long beard. His nightmare ceases when he is introduced to a Gillette Techmatic razor. 
752 Several critics complain about the Gillette Techmatic razor handle while praising the razor blade. As each critic suggests a new design for the handle an animated rendition of the suggestion is shown. The commercial concludes with a narrator stating that it’s the razor that matters and not the handle. 
753 A man counts down the number of razorblades he has to use up before he can finally switch to using Gillette razorblades. 
754 A man voices a letter he wrote to the Gillette company complaining that he doesn’t know what to do with his old razorblades since Gillette blades are so superior. 
755 A wife buys her husband some razorblades. The husband informs her that he no longer uses that brand because he been spoiled with Gillette razorblades. The wife accuses him of being brainwash which cause the husband to pout. 
756 An advertisement for Gimbels department store in which a jingle plays over a shots of a man and woman browsing and trying on different clothes within the store. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
757 Footage is shown of Girl Scouts enjoying life at camp and a narrator encourages parents to send their daughters to Girl Scout camp. 
758 A public service announcement from the Glass Container Manufacturers Institute in which a young man and woman leave various forms of litter around a city as they have fun on a date. An offscreen male narrator implores the viewer on behalf of glass manufacturers to "make love, not litter" and "keep America beautiful." Submitted for the Clio Awards.
759 A public service announcement from the Glass Container Manufacturers Institute in which an offscreen narrator describes the steps for how recycled glass is processed and formed into new products over shots from a recycling plant and an automated bottling assembly line. The narrator tells the viewer that the bottle they used last week may form part of the future bottle they will use next week. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
760 A husband pesters his wife to get out of the bathtub so that they won’t be late for their date. The wife responds that she doesn’t want to get out of the tub because she feels good using Goddess Bath Oil Body Soap. Just as the husband is about to complain again the wife gets out of the tub and woos him. 
761 An advertisement for Goetz Beer in which a male narrator, accompanied by music, speaks about the product while a man and a woman grill meat for a party.
762 An advertisement for Gold Metal flour in which one woman persuades another about the benefits of the product before baking a batch of pies. The two discuss how a majority of women belong to the "white thumb society" of bakers who trust Gold Metal flour. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
763 An advertisement for Golden Grain packaged foods in which a narrator demonstrates how one can cook the boxed chicken noodle soup at home. The jingle is performed in the style of early 20th century barbershop music. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
764 Two couples eats spaghetti while harmonizing the names of their foods. A narrator then gives an explanation about Golden Ladle Sauce.
765 The commercial shows how easy and quick it is to create Italian salad dressing by mixing the Good Season packet with vinegar or oil.
766 An advertisement for Goodman's packaged noodles in which a woman turns on a radio and the jingle tells her how to cook the product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
767 An advertisement for Goodman's packaged noodles in which a woman demonstrates how to roll out a noodle dough and how much easier it is to use a packaged product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
768 On behalf of the American trucking industry Goodyear presents a commercial following the career of an Akron Ohio trucker, Alvin Howler. The commercial show Howler diligently working at his job and the time he spent at the William Way Memorial Driver Training School.
769 A Goodyear spokesperson talk about how the various Goodyear products are improving society. Some of the products the spokesperson lists are machine belts, flooring, and road paint.
770 An advertisement for Goodyear and the American Trucking Association in which a man, Alton Heller, from Akron, Ohio leaves late at night to start his truck driving shift en route to Minneapolis. A male narrator describes his work shift including his truck safety check. Then the advertisement flashes back to show Alton taking a five-week truck driving course in partnership with the American Trucking Association and Goodyear tires.
771 An advertisement for Goodyear Tires "New Double Eagle With LifeGuard Safety Spare" tire accompanied by music. The scene depicts a car tire driving over an explosive without a blowout in real time and then in slow motion. The scene ends with a carload of people driving on a dirt road and then a close-up of the product and logos.
772 A car drives over a land mine to show how a Goodyear tire can continue to function due to its two rubber layers. 
773 An avocado farmer states how the audience probably doesn’t recognize him. It is then revealed that the farmer is former Dodger baseball player Duke Snider, using Great Day hair dye. Snider reflects on how his silver hair proved a useful gimmick during his baseball days but no longer have a purpose and he wants to look young again. 
774 Two security guards drive an armor truck. One of the security guards tells his fellow guards about the benefits of a Great Western Savings account. 
775 An advertisement for Great Western Savings and Loan Association in which we see through the windshield of a vehicle driving into Los Angeles, California as the driver extols "one of the biggest savings and loans in the country," over a traditional bank. It's soon revealed that the two men are driving an armored truck to deliver money to Great Western Savings and Loan Association. The scene ends with a close-up of the logo and a man's voice encouraging people to consider Great Western Savings and Loan Association.
776 An advertisement for Grebb Hush Puppies shoes in which a woman models the product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
777 An advertisement for Greyhound bus line where a split screen contrasts the comfort and convenience of a man sitting on a Greyhound bus against the the exhaustion he would have felt had he driven himself. One of the winners of the 1971 Clio Awards.
778 An advertisement for General Telephone and Electronics by which a narrator describes the work of Sylvania Lighting while a rapid succession of shots play displaying various ways the products are used.
779 An advertisement for Guldens Diablo Mustard in which a talking pepper shaker begins to say the product is "hotter than hell" but the jar of mustard prevents them from finishing the phrase. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
780 People drive invisible cars throughout town.  A narrator explains how different cars need different types of fuels and cars that knocks needs Gulf’s no-nox fuel. 
781 An advertisement for Haggar Slacks apparel in which men model the "tourney" style on a golf course. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
782 A man’s girlfriend becomes infatuated with him after she smelled his Hai Karate after shave. The man then uses karate to fend off his girlfriend as she tries to obsessively cling to him.  The ensuing chaos causes the apartment to become destroyed.   
783 A man's father, grandfather, and great grandfather all wore Hamburger suits when spending time with their partners. The man continued the family traditional by wearing a Hamburger suit while linking arms with his partner.
784 An advertisement for Hamm's beer in which a man walks through the woods with a bear, finds a cabin bar, and drinks the product. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
785 An advertisement for Hamm's beer in which an animated band of bears called the Bearcats play a song, interspersed with live-action footage of people drinking beer at a club. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
786 An advertisement for Hamm's Beer in which animated chipmunks work on a woodland assembly line packaging cans of beer. An offscreen male narrator describes the refreshing qualities of Hamm's over an image of a body of water. Submitted for the Clio Awards. 
787 An advertisement for Hamm's Beer in which an animated bear attempts to catch a fox who is picking berries in the forest. An offscreen male narrator describes the refreshing qualities of Hamm's over an image of a body of water. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
788 An advertisement for Hamm's beer in which a man walks through the woods with a bear, finds a cabin bar, and drinks the product. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
789 An advertisement for Hamms Beer in which an animated bear leads a small marching band called "Hamm's Sky Blue Waters Band." A duck messes with the bear and tries to play as a "one-man band," and plays more pranks on the bear. Then a male narrator discusses the product while a non-animated man pours a beer and people ski.
790 An advertisement for Hamms Beer in which an animated bear conducts an orchestra called the "Sky Blue Waters Symphony." A duck on percussion plays wildly as he swats a bee, then the bear conductor also jumps around to swat the bee. Then a male narrator discusses the product as a non-animated man and woman take a boat ride.
791 An advertisement for Hanes men's clothing in which a puppet taking a shower sprays his wife with the shower head after she brings him the wrong brand of t-shirt to change into. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
792 An advertisement for Fantastick lipstick by Hazel Bishop in which a man on a dinner date becomes entranced by another woman across the room who is using the product. The man repeats "Fantastick!" several times through voiceover inner monologue, before his date at his table begins to use her own Fantastick to attract back his attention. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
793 An advertisement for Heileman's Old style Lager in which a narrator decribes the double Kraeusening process over scenes of Wisconsin wildlife.
794 A commercial shows pictures of a baby gradually growing into a man. This is followed by a narrator explaining that the food a baby is fed will determine how strong it grows. The commercial concludes with several different types of Heinz baby food being fed to a baby. 
795 An advertisement for Heinz canned salad products in which vegetables are chopped in close-up to an upbeat musical theme. Submitted for the Clio Awards International category. 
796 A boy and a girl play in a river as their parents barbecue on the shore. As the family comes together to eat, Heinz has a relish/pickle product for each member of the family.
797 A woman takes a bath with Helena Rubinstein beauty bath lotion while a narrator explains the benefits.
798 An advertisement for Helena Rubinstein cosmetic products Fashion Stick and Coverfluid makeup in which a female narrator extols the products in a mock newsreel format. Scenes of women applying the product to themselves play as the narrator describes Fashion Stick, a long, slender stick with lipstick at one end and lip liner at the other, and Coverfluid matte makeup. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
799 A jingle is sung in the background while showing a woman bathing with Helene Curtis Tender Touch, dry skin bath oil.
800 A mother rubs her baby and talks about how humans’ skin becomes drier once they are past infancy. They no longer have the soft moist skin that they had when they were babies. Therefore, the mother uses Tender Touch Bath Oil to soften and moisturize her skin. 
801 A woman hosts her friends for lunch and everyone is expected to bring out their best in fashion and in cooking. The host then demonstrates how to make her fancy Waldorf salad, which is topped with Hellman's Mayonnaise.
802 A woman brings a skeptical friend, name Wendell, to Herman's. Much to his surprise, Wendell discovers a ton of tennis products and helpful staff.
803 A son and mother go shopping at Herman's for their tough to buy for father/husband. They are able to find several Father's Day gift in the sport store.
804 A man in a TV set complains about being trapped on the small screen. He then walks onto a much larger projector screen and encourages viewers to upgrade.
805 A Japanese advertisement for Hi-Me seasoning featuring close-up shots of a hot pot dish being cooked, juxtaposed with shots of snowy winter settings and set to music from the Nutcracker Suite's "Waltz of the Flowers." One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
806 A man gets slapped in the face as a narrator explains that most aftershaves are just an alcoholic slap. When the man uses High Sierra aftershave instead of being slapped in the face, his face is caress by a woman’s hands.  
807 An advertisement for High Sierra After Shave Concentrate by Mennen narrated by a man. The scene depicts other after shave lotions as feeling "like a slap in the face," whereas High Sierra "treats your face." The man in the advertisement goes about his normal day as two female hands come out of nowhere to caress his face.
808 An advertisement for Holsum packaged bread in which a police officer puts the product on trial and confirms its advertised benefits. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
809 An advertisement for Holsum packaged bread in which a family shares a breakfast made with the product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
810 An advertisement for Hood Ice Cream in which a boy enters an ice cream parlor and chooses vanilla, and when the attendant tells him about all the flavors available the boy is shown with a dish containing them all.
811 An advertisement for Hoovermatic Washing Machine in which two animated characters describe how the product has two compartments, one for washing and one for spin dry. Submitted for Clio Awards.
812 An advertisement for Parisian hospital services in which workers at a maternity ward successfully deliver and care for a premature infant. One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
813 Set in the style of a silent era film a mechanic is told that he needs deodorant by a coworker. As the mechanic walks around town people avoid him because of his smell. He eventually gets some Hour after Hour deodorant which relieves him of his stench. 
814 A family shops for furniture in a snowy woods. When the mother reaches for the price tag it melts in her fingers. The narrator states that prices don't melt at Linberg.
815 Instead of going to bed, a boy named Jeremiah creates a pirate ship out of his Linberg bed.
816 An advertisement for the Hubley Panther Pistol in which an offscreen narrator describes the features of the toy gun in close-up shots, emphasizing the toy's feature of snapping into the user's hand from being concealed below the wrist. The narrator describes the stealth skills of a panther over close-ups of a panther figurine. Submitted for the Clio Awards/
817 An advertisement for Hubley's "Ric-O-Shay" toy guns in which a young boy runs across a forest, accompanied by shots of a toy gun firing and a suspenseful orchestral score similar to a western action scene. The boy runs into a toy store and talks frantically about how he "has to have" the Ric-O-Shay gun. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
818 An advertisement for Hubley toy rifles in which an offscreen narrator describes features of a toy gun in close-up while repeatedly asking, "What is the secret of the secret rifle?" The compact gun is shown to lengthen into a rifle by pulling on the rear shoulder stock, and a boy models holding it. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
819 The different ingredients of the catsup are shown before switching to a family eating different foods with catsup on it.
820 Close up footage of Hunt’s Pork and Beans is shown before transitioning to a woman explaining a recipe that the viewer could make with Hunt’s Pork and Beans and ham.
821 The different ingredients of the tomato sauce is shown before the narrator tells the audience the different recipes the sauce can be used in.
822 An advertisement for Hush Puppies shoes in which a man lounges in a bathtub wearing the shoes while a basset hound sits by his side. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
823 An advertisement for Hush Puppies shoes in which a basset hound takes various styles of the product to a dog house and the owners find the shoes and model them. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
824 A couple relax on the couch as the man kicks off his Hush Puppies which lands in front of his dog.
825 Four boys play the battling tops game in a boxing arena as a boxing announcer gives commentary of the game. 
826 An advertisement for Ideal's Electric Food Center in which a young girl at a birthday party prepares milkshakes for her friends using the toy. An offscreen narrator describes the features of the product over close-up shots of the milkshake being prepared. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
827 An advertisement for Ideal's Electric Roadway sets in which a father and son race toy cars along the set while an offscreen narrator describes the product and the various course options available. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
828 An advertisement for Ideal's Flying Pizza toy in which a mustachioed chef excitedly plays with the product. An offscreen narrator describes the product over shots of a large outdoor gathering of children flipping toy pizzas in pans. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
829 An advertisement for Ideal's Kissy doll in which an offscreen narrator describes the product over scenes of a little girl repeatedly kissing and being kissed by her doll. A jingle describes how Kissy will give a "little kiss" if you press her arms in. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
830 An advertisement for Ideal's Monkey Stix game in which an offscreen narrator describes the product over shots of monkeys in a barrel and children using the toy to build various structures. The narrator notes that Monkey Stix games come in "Terry Toons," "Jewelry," and "Out West" varieties. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
831 An advertisement for Ideal's Nirtz board game in which a chimpanzee on roller skates tries and fails to disrupt two boys playing the game by banging on a piano and drum set. An offscreen narrator describes how "nothing can stop a game of Nirtz." Submitted for the Clio Awards.
832 An advertisement for Ideal's Thumbelina doll in which a magician presents the toy to a young princess in a castle to cheer her up. An offscreen narrator describes the features of the product and a jingle set to the tune of "Rock-a-Bye Baby" plays over shots of the princess playing and sleeping with the doll. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
833 An advertisement for Illinois Bell phone extension services in which a teenage boy and girl are unable to talk freely over the phone because the girl's family is sitting with her in the same room. An offscreen male narrator describes Illinois Bell's options for adding extra phone lines. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
834 An advertisement for Illinois Bell telephone services in which a man's attempt to watch sports on TV is interrupted when his wife begins speaking loudly on the phone in the same room. An offscreen male narrator says to call Illinois Bell "when you finally decide to order an extension phone." One of the winners of the 1971 Clio Awards.

835 A public service announcement for the Illinois Department of Public Health in which a mother in the "old days" drags her son to a quarantined measles home so that he can catch the virus and "get it over with." An offscreen male narrator describes how the measles vaccination makes such practices unnecessary, and the boy is shown receiving his vaccine at a doctor's office. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
836 A woman sings a jingle about Imperial margarine while footage of Imperial margarine on different foods is shown. 
837 A wife questions why her husband is late. The husband responds that he was late because he was having the car serviced. The wife then explains that he should have called an Esso dealer because of their quality service. 
838 An advertisement for Imperial Esso oil products in which a narrator describes the service over an animation. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
839 An advertisement for Imperial Oil in which a male narrator speaks about the impressive size and efficiency of Place Villa Marie, a 45-story Canadian office and shopping center. There are various shots of the office building, workers, machinery and the Esso Imperial Oil offices.
840 The narrator sings a song listing Texan cities and towns that use imperial sugar and stating how it is not in other big cities in America because Imperial Sugar is refined in Texas. The film shows images of Texas and of Imperial Sugar.
841 A British advertisement for the Industrial and Commercial Finance Corporation (ICFC) in which a street violinist continually adds more musicians to his act until he is shown leading a full orchestra at a music hall. An offscreen male narrator describes how the ICFC can help provide capital access to help businesses grow. One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
842 As a cup of coffee is poured the coffee doesn’t spill over the edge but instead rises another half a cup to indicate the cup and a half of flavor in Maxwell coffee. Maxwell high quality flavor comes from their use of fresh coffee beans. 
843 After playing a game of checkers a man and his father, both relax by drinking some Maxwell House Coffee. 
844 An advertisement for Instant Simoniz car cleaner and wax in which comedy trio, The Three Stooges, stand around in lab coats before exclaiming that they have invented a new car cleaner and wax. They test it out on the hood of a car saying they will call it "Instant Simoniz." Them Moe shows Instant Simoniz already exists.
845 An advertisement for Simoniz car wax in which comedian Harpo Marx chases a woman around a car with a butterfly net. The woman hands Harpo a can of Simoniz. A male narrator talks about the product as Harpo goofs around, putting the wax on the window and on his face pretending its shaving cream. 
846 An advertisement for Instant Simoniz car cleaner and wax in which actor Peter Lorre talks about the product and uses it to clean a hearse. 
847 A narrator warns the viewer that the future of the United States is in jeopardy because many young people are unable to go to college due to overcrowding. 
848 A college teacher quits his job and takes a higher paying job at a company to better provide for his family. A narrator warns the audience about the exodus of qualified higher education teachers and ask them to write to Higher Education.
849 An advertisement for the Institute of Life Insurance in which an insurance agent congratulates a new college graduate named Bill and his mother. A flashback shows Bill's parents deciding with the agent whether to begin the life insurance policy that ultimately ended up paying for Bill's college education. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
850 An advertisement for life insurance with the Institute of Life Insurance, in which an agent interviews football player Kyle Rote about why he decided to start a life insurance policy to help protect his family. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
851 An advertisement for homeowners insurance with the Insurance Company of North America (INA), in which a jingle plays over animated shots of the company logo. An offscreen male narrator describes the  benefits of INA policies over images of a live-action family in a painted home stage set. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
852 An animated advertisement for Insurance Company of North America (INA), in which an INA agent talks with Rapunzel in her castle about homeowner's insurance. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
853 A narrator explains how Ipana toothpaste can prevent tooth pain by removing tartar on gums. The tartar is compared with plaster which is hard to remove once it has hardened.   
854 An advertisement for Iron City Beer in which a male narrator, accompanied by music, speaks about the product while a young couple eats a spaghetti dinner.
855 A girl name Barbie plays stores with her mother’s collection of Ivory soap. A narrator states how Ivory soap is affordable and can be used to increase the beauty of any girl no matter what their age is. 
856 As a girl helps her mother wash her baby sister with Ivory Soap, she asks her mother why she has to use Ivory Soap if it is meant for babies. The mother replies that Ivory Soap helps women keep their skin looking young no matter what age they are. 
857 A mother explains to her daughter why she uses Ivory Soap to wash herself and the baby. Her daughter then asks if she can help wash the baby. 
858 An advertisement for Ivory soap in which two children play act a scene where a little girl buys soap from a little boy at a store. An offscreen male narrator discusses the mildness and affordability of Ivory soaps over shots of the little girl washing her face with the product. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
859 A mother explains why she use Ivory Neige baby laundry detergent and then shows how satisfied her baby is with the end result. 
860 An advertisement for Ivory soap in which a woman cuddles her baby while an offscreen male narrator talks about how both mother and child have "cheek to cheek" skin softness. The narrator describes the mild qualities of the soap over shots of the woman washing her face. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
861 A woman reflects on how she is able afford her groceries because she got four bars of Ivory Soap for the price of three. As she drives away, she ponders on how great Ivory Soap is. 
862 A woman in a jungle applies baby powder on herself. Tarzan then swings in on a vine and scoop up the woman before they both swing away into the jungle. 
863 A woman in a Middle Eastern tent applies baby powder on her skin before a sheik comes to carry her off on his horse. 
864 As a lullable is being played an umpire applies baby powder to himself before going out on the baseball field. 
865 J&J Shower to Shower "Girl on Herself"  - A woman washes herself with Shower to Shower soap. As she applies the soap footage of her walking along a beach and through nature is projected on her skin. 
Ban Deodorant "Psychiatrist" -  A woman asks her psychiatrist if Ban deodorant will solve all her problems. The psychiatrist replies that it will solve just one. 
866 A woman and man both use Shower to Shower Baby Powder as a narrator explains the benefit of using the product. 
867 An advertisement for J-Wax automotive wax in which a male narrator talks about the beautiful luster of a car when it's waxed. Various cars are waxed and seen protected during rainstorms.
868 Women wearing J.C. Penney's modern classics sweaters and red hats model on a beach.
869 Classical music plays in the background while women in athletic clothing model on a bleacher.
870 An advertisement for Jack's packaged cookies in which the animated character representing the brand looks in the mirror and discusses the product with the reflection. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
871 Fireworks go off before the commercial transition to an Asian woman walking through a forest. A narrator explains how the essence of the "exotic" Far East is captured in Jade East's cologne and aftershave. 
872 A man takes all his morning products such as cologne, deodorant, face soap, after shave, hair gel, and pine talc and mixes them in a bowl. The resulting brew is a pungent stench. He then introduces a line of Jaguar cosmetic products which all have the same scent which avoids overlapping smells. 
873 The commercial shows a young couple vacationing at a Jamaican resort and Jamaican natives going about their daily lives. The commercial is accompanied by a musical drum beat. 
874 An advertisement for the Jamaica Tourist Board, accompanied by percussive music, that shows all the interesting things one can do on vacation in Jamaica. The scene ends with a couple sitting at the base of a waterfall and the woman saying, "I love Jamaica."
875 Madame Caron walks into a store and asks the store clerk for her regular Javex bleach bottle. 
876 An advertisement for Jax Beer in which a woman, sitting at a restaurant table, speaks about Jax bock beer.
877 An advertisement for Jax Beer in which comedy duo Nichols and May voice an animation of a male journalist interviewing a female Hollywood starlet. They joke about the star's dress size and her enjoyment of Jax Beer.
878 An advertisement for Jax Beer in which an animated quiz show host and guest, voiced by popular comedy duo Nichols and May, play a quiz game to name the ingredients of Jax beer.
879 An animated advertisement for Jax Beer in which an elderly woman accuses a bartender of making fun of her voice as he serves her beer. The voice work was done by future film directors Mike Nichols and Elaine May, who comprised the popular improvisational comedy duo Nichols and May in the early 1960s.
880 An advertisement for Jax Beer in which an animated kangaroo orders the beer at a restaurant and begins conversing with the waitress. The voice work was done by future film directors Mike Nichols and Elaine May, who comprised the popular improvisational comedy duo Nichols and May in the early 1960s. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
881 A woman beckons the viewer to come closer to see her use Jean Nate after bath lotion. The woman explains the various reason why she like Jean Nate while she applies the lotion.
882 An advertisement for Jell-O packaged food in which an animated baby asks their mother what is for dessert and she brings them Jell-O. The characters exhibit stereotypes associated with Chinese peoples. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
883 An advertisement for Jell-O packaged food in which animated children ask their mother what is for dessert and she brings them Jell-O. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
884 Cups of strawberries, oranges, and cherries are shown before being replaced with cups full of strawberries, oranges, and cherry flavored Jell-O.  The narrator then states this is how close you can get to a perfect replacement for the real thing. 
885 An advertisement for Jell-O packaged food in which various kids ask what is for dessert and are shown being given Jell-O dessert in glass dishes larger than their bodies. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
886 An advertisement for Jell-O packaged food in which an animated child asks what is for dessert and his mother brings him Jell-O. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
887 An advertisement for Jell-O packaged food in which an animated boy asks his mother what is for dessert and she brings him Jell-O. The characters exhibit stereotypes associated with indigenous peoples of the United States. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
888 An advertisement for Jell-O packaged food in which an animated husband asks his wife what is for dessert and she brings him Jell-O. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
889 Close up footage of a lemon meringue pie being made with Jello pie filling is shown while a male narrator praises the product.
890 The narrator extolls how Jergens hand lotion will make soft beautiful hands while a women shows off her hands and entertains guests at a party.
891 An advertisement for Jergens lotion in which a male narrator, accompanied by music, explains how "dry, rough, pine cone hands" become "kissing soft" with the lotion. The scene depicts a man and woman being romantic in a rustic cabin and a woman applying the product to her hands. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
892 An advertisement for Jergens moisture cream in which a male narrator, accompanied by music, describes the moisturizing qualities of the product and when to use it. A woman applies the cream and begins swimming in a lagoon. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
893 An advertisement for Jergens moisture cream in which an offscreen male narrator extols the moisturizing qualities of the cream as a woman in a white swimsuit swims underwater and displays the product. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
894 An advertisement for John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company featuring a blind man who describes his experience working as an administrative director at the company. An offscreen male narrator discusses how the John Hancock company employs over 500 employees with some form of disability. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
895 A father wakes up and trips over a toy horse. He walks into the room and find his wife applying baby cream to their daughter. The wife explains to him why she is applying the cream and the father reflect on how fast his daughter is growing. 
896 The narrator tries to sell Johnson & Johnson Baby Cream to babies by telling them the cream stops rashes and chaffing.
897 Men and women perspire as they go about their daily lives. Their chafing and discomfort are solved when they use Johnson & Johnson Baby Powder. 
898 As a mother applies baby powder to her infant, her other son asks her if she use to use baby power on him when was a baby. The mother then explains that she also used baby powder on him because it protected his skin soft. 
899 As his mother is applying baby powder to his sister, a boy complains that a boy wouldn’t need baby powder because they are tough. After his mother corrects him, he wonders if he could trade his sister for his neighbor’s baby brother. 
900 An advertisement for Johnson & Johnson "Cotonetes" cotton swabs in which the product tickles and soothes an animated baby. Narration and text in Portuguese. Submitted for the Clio Awards International category.
901 A mother applies Johnson Baby Oil on her baby, Fred while they are at the beach. As the mother is applying the oil her other son voice his worries that his brother will get arrested for not wearing any clothes. 
902 A mother shows her baby to a kid and explains why she uses baby powder. The kid offers his sympathy to the mother for receiving a bald-headed baby. 
903 A mother caress her baby as a narrator explains how Johnson baby Powder will protect a baby’s skin and make it soft. 
904 The commercial show how Johnson Baby Lotion prevents a baby from getting a rash.
905 In this holiday commercial, an actor dressed as a stereotypical caricature of a Chinese man advertises the "great wall of pants." Other wall related characters such as a flower, walnut, and Humpty Dumpty also praise the wide selection of pants at Just Pants.
906 The ugly duckling is shunned by the chicks for wearing ugly clothes. The ugly duckling is transformed into a beautiful swan when he puts on clothes from Just Pants.
907 An advertisement for Kaiser quilted cooking foil that "costs no more than plain foil," which is narrated by a man. The scene depicts two soaked sponges being put into a hot oven, but one sponge is wrapped in quilted Kaiser foil. The sponge wrapped in the product comes out full of moisture and the other sponge is "bone dry." The scene ends with a juicy roast being sliced while the narrator says, "Kaiser foil does the basting for you" and a close-up of the product.
908 To show how Kaiser foil retains moisture two wet sponges are placed in an oven. One is wrapped in Kaiser aluminum foil and the other is not. At the end of the experiment only the sponge wrapped in Kaiser foil still has water in it. 
909 Kaiser Industries "Men of Kaiser" : An advertisement for Kaiser Industries corporation depicting men creating steel, gypsum, cement, and other products. Submitted for Clio Awards category Corporate.

General Electric "Contact Analog Computer" : An advertisement for the General Electric company featuring Don Herbert in which the television host describes the company's investment in radar computer technology that allows aircraft pilots to stay on course through inclement weather. 
910 An advertisement for Kaiser Steel products in which two animated children discuss tin cans of baby food. Submitted for Clio Awards category Corporate.
915 An advertisement for Keebler packaged cookies in which an animated doll sings about the product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
916 An advertisement for Keebler Club Crackers in which an animated army general with a French accent shows the viewer the box of crackers hidden in his coat. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
917 An advertisement for Keebler Honey Flavored Grahams packaged crackers in which a narrator describes how honey is made that is added to the product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
918 A father teaches his daughter the proper way to hold a spoon so that she can eat her Frosted Flakes without spilling them. As the father teaches, he soon becomes distracted with eating Frosted Flakes. 
919 In this French speaking commercial, two boys meet on a dark street corner wearing noir trench coat and show each other the Yogi Bear coin they got in a Kellogg’s Rice Krispies box.
920 An advertisement for Kellogg's Sugar Frosted Flakes cereal which is narrated by a man. The scene depicts a father teaching his daughter to hold her spoon properly while eating the product. He discovers while teaching her that her method is better as the narrator says, "Observe, he who imparts knowledge often gains some."
921 An advertisement for Kemper homeowners insurance in which a woman writes a letter describing how she called her insurance agent after a fire damaged her home. The Kemper agent helps reimburse the woman for fire damage and puts her and her child in motel until the house is fixed. An offscreen male narrator urges the viewer to consult the yellow pages and call their local Kemper agent to ask about policies. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
922 An advertisement for Kemper insurance in which a woman displays a company brochure and interacts with animated graphics while a jingle plays. An offscreen male narrator extols the benefits of Kemper policies over a scene of insurance agents talking to the woman. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
923 An advertisement for Kenmore Variable Seam Iron in which a frustrated woman is ironing. A male narrator, accompanied by music, tells the woman "don't get your steam up" and then tells her about the product. The woman demonstrates the product then a "I got steam at any heat" jingle is heard. The advertisement ends with the Sears logo.
924 An advertisement for Kent cigarettes featuring Olympic gold medalist in high jump Walt Davis, who takes a drag of the cigarette and describes what he likes about it. Submitted for Clio Awards category Tobacco Products and Supplies.
925 A woman sniffs a rose before modeling with a Spunmist Tissue. A narrator then explains the different applications and benefits of a Spunmist Tissue. 
926 An advertisement for Kingsway men's shoes in which an animated lion king serenades a lioness by playing piano and talking about his love of Kingsway shoes. The lion discusses the affordability of the shoes over live-action shots of the product on display and being worn. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
927 Kids wash a car while wearing Kinney G.A.S.S shoes. The commercial also offers a promotion of a free knapsack with the purchase of G.A.S.S shoes at Kinney.
928 The commercial focus on all the professional workers that make Kinney a great shoe store, from production line workers to sale representatives.
929 Different types of boots gradually appear on screen.
930 Actor, dancer, singer, Ken Berry, dances and sings with children while telling parents about Kinney Shoes Store.
931 Actor, dancer, singer, Ken Berry, sings about Kinney Shoes Store as he encounters people from all walks of life who also join in the song.
932 People from all occupations and age groups wear Kinney shoes as they go about their day.
933 Actor, dancer, and singer, Ken Berry, tap dances and sings about men's shoes at Kinney.
934 A coach in a locker room sings people about Kinney's NBA Shoes to people sitting on a bench, with their backs tot he camera, wearing ponchos that cover their heads and bodies. The players then remove their ponchos to reveal an assortment of characters including a basketball player, an old lady, a middle age vacationer, and a cheerleader.
935 Actor, dancer, singer, Ken Berry, tap dances and sings on a New York themed Broadway stage as he advertises women shoes at Kinney Shoes Store. A billboard in the background plays videos of women feet/shoes tap dancing along with Ken Berry.
936 An advertisement for KLM Royal Dutch Airlines showing scenes of social life throughout Amsterdam, including shots of restaurants, bars, busy streets, museums, and shops. An offscreen male narrator encourages the viewer to take a KLM flight and experience the "surprises" Amsterdam offers. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
937 An advertisement for Knorr packaged soups in which a family cooks the the boxed cream of mushroom soup and experiences the "taste of Denmark." Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
938 An advertisement for Knudsen Ice Cream in which a man waits in a long line at a specialty ice cream parlor, and a narrator says that Knudsen has the same taste and added convenience of being available at the grocery store.
939 An advertisement for Knudsen Ice Cream in which a narrator describes the product in nostalgic terms over scenes of children playing.
940 An advertisement for Knudsen Ice Cream in which a man waits in a long line at a specialty ice cream parlor, and a narrator says that Knudsen has the same taste and added convenience of being available at the grocery store.
941 An advertisement for Knudsen Ice Cream in which a boy runs to the grocery store to buy the product quickly, and shows the carton to a line of people waiting for ice cream from a specialty parlor.
942 An advertisement for Knudsen Ice Cream in which a boy runs to the grocery store to buy the product quickly, and shows the carton to a line of people waiting for ice cream from a specialty parlor.
943 A man sings about his child growing up as photos are shown of a girl gradually growing up. 
944 An advertisement for Kodak which begins with a title card stating "Just picture Anne growing up." Close-ups of a woman's eye (with a camera shutter sound each time the eye blinks) are juxtaposed with still images of a little girl learning and playing piano over many years, culminating with her finishing a public piano recital as an adult. An offscreen male narrator states that "all it takes" to capture a memory is a Kodak camera, Kodak film, and "a little bit of thoughtfulness." One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
945 To show off the new Kodak camera and how fast and easy it is to use two skydivers, Bob Sinclair and Donna Capeci, jump out of a plane and take several photos while skydiving. 
946 An advertisement for Kodak Instamatic cameras that is narrated by a man accompanied by music. The scene depicts skydivers Donna and Bob who take pictures and reload Instamatic cameras with Kodapak cartridges while skydiving. The scene ends with close-ups of the pictures taken and the products.
947 An advertisement for Kodak film featuring a scene of a woman and her parents meeting her boyfriend at an airport, interspersed with shots of the two lovers eating, kissing, and playing in various locations. An offscreen male narrator says a product tagline over images of photographs taken at the various scenes previously shown. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
948 An advertisement for Kodak in which singer Paul Anka performs his song "Times of Your Life" in a sound studio while his partner and children watch outside, interspersed with still photographic images of the family together. Anka's daughter enters the booth to greet him and an offscreen narrator plugs Kodak film "for the times of your life." One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
949 An advertisement for Kodak's Trimlite Instamatic camera in which Ebenezer Scrooge looks for a gift for Bob Cratchit and Tiny Tim on Christmas morning. A store clerk explains to Scrooge the features of the Kodak camera, prompting Scrooge to purchase several of them for his friends and for himself. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
950 An advertisement for Koehler Beer in which an animated barbershop quartet sings about pouring a beer with a collar to the tune of Funiculi Funicula.
951 An advertisement for Koehler beer in which a man teaches another man about the optimal way of pouring a beer into a glass and achieving a bubbly collar at the top. A group of male voices sing a jingle about pouring a sparkling "Koehler collar." Submitted for the Clio Awards. 
952 An advertisement for Kraft Macaroni packaged foods in which a narrator describes the products in Spanish language. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
953 George, the monkey, paints his space rocket. His wife, Alice, fixes him lunch using Kraft Mayonnaise. George is hard of hearing which makes Alice repeat herself and explain the mayonnaise product. George flies away in his space rocket as Alice rushes out to bring George's lunch.
954 This commercial shows how to make different dishes using Kraft products such as mayonnaise or cracker barrel cheese.
955 Alice the monkey calls her husband George at work to tell him the great news that Kraft has lemon flavored mayonnaise. George is ecstatic to hear the news.
956 In this French commercial, a group of men fail to protect the Krema candy from a herd of children in a grocery store. Later a boy taking pity shares some of his candy with the defeated men. 
957 An advertisement for KZ laundry detergent in which a chain of women sing on a hilltop. A woman adds the detergent to her washing machine and the women hold freshly cleaned white sheets over their heads in unison. An animated shot shows the box of detergent breaking out of chains wrapped around it. One of the winners of the 1971 Clio Awards.
958 An advertisement for L'Aimant dusting powder in which a woman puts the product on her body and a narrator urges the viewer to give her the product "before someone else does." Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
959 An advertisement for L'Aimant de Coty Spray Mist featuring images of a woman spraying the product on, accompanied by percussive music. The woman addresses the camera, and a male narrator states, "Give her L'Aimant before someone else does." Submitted for the Clio Awards.
960 An advertisement for L'eggs Pantyhose in which several women at a supermarket flock around a L'eggs product display while a jingle plays. The women put on their new pantyhose at home while internally narrating their delight about the features of the product. A male narrator talks about the price and availability of the product over a shot of several women's legs in pantyhose walking in unison. One of the winners of the 1971 Clio Awards.
961 An Italian accented narrator explains how the treasured La Rosa family recipes are now available in the form of 7 sauces. These sauces can make any dish an Italian masterpiece.
962 An advertisement for Labatts Pillsner in which an animated figure goes to strike a gong and the action causes him to crumble into tiny pieces. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
963 An advertisement for Labatts Pillsner in which an animated figure goes to strike a gong and another animated figure appears and hits the first figure on the head. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
964 An advertisement for Labatts Pillsner in which an animated figure goes to strike a gong and the action causes him to rip the fabric of the object and fall through. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
965 An advertisement for the Lady Gillette razor in which a female narrator describes the product over scenes of women's legs walking down a street, two women in a salon, and a woman shaving in the bath. A female chorus sings a jingle over a shot of a man helping a woman onto a horse. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
966 An advertisement for Schick in which a male narrator, accompanied by music, describes the Crown Jewel ladies electric shaver as a woman displays and uses the product. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
967 An advertisement for Lanolin Plus in which a male narrator describes Lipcolor Plus lipsticks, which are displayed by a woman who embraces a man. At the end of the advertisement there is a plug for Color Plus nail enamels, which come in matching colors. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
968 An advertisement for Lanolin Plus in which a female narrator, accompanied by music, describes Lips 'N Tips bottles that can be split into two parts, which is displayed by another woman. The top portion is for lipstick and the bottom portion is for nail enamel that match in color. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
969 An advertisement for Laura Scudder potato chips in which a construction worker eats the product loudly and the noise bothers his co-worker. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
970 An advertisement for Laura Scudder potato chips in which a family awakes to a loud noise and finds a young boy eating the product in the dark. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
971 A little boy recites the Laura Scudder’s Pledge and promise to be a well behave kid in order to eat Laura Scudder Potato Chips. 
972 A boy loudly eats Laura Scudder’s potato chips at a playground. Gradually more children join the boy in noisily eating potato chips. The children’s loud chewing wakes a nearby baby and earns them the scorn of its mother. 
973 An advertisement for Laura Scudders Potato Chips in which a young boy makes "The Laura Scudder's Pledge." The scene depicts a young boy repeating a pledge, with difficulty, about not making noise, as directed by a man off-screen. The young boy does this as compensation for the noise he makes when eating the product. The scene ends with the boy crunching into a potato chip and a close-up of the product.
974 A woman is overworked making spaghetti sauce by hand. When she receives Lawry's Spaghetti Sauce mix she is relived by how easy it is to make and satisfied by the taste of the sauce.
975 A public service announcement from the League of Women Voters featuring comical scenes of various men and women stepping in to temporarily sub for others in their jobs (including a construction worker, a police officer, an executive, a dancer, and a dentist) so that they have time to leave and go vote. An offscreen narrator urges the viewer to go out and help someone vote on Election Day. One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
976 A man complains how the rich can afford any attorney and the poor receive free legal aid while the middle class doesn't have any options. The man then explains how the Legal Clinic of Jacoby and Meyers offers affordable legal aid.
977 A German commercial showing a child constructing and playing with a Lego city. 
978 An advertisement for Leslie packaged salt in which a tomato appears in a flat shape until a narrator pours the salt on the fruit and it plumps up to regular size. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
979 An offscreen narrator extols Praise soap and its many benefits for women. Meanwhile a woman bathes underneath a waterfall using Praise soap.
980 An animated advertisement for Levi's jeans in which several sets of contrasting people (e.g., a Republican and a Democrat, a hippie and a businessman, etc.) are depicted as united in their wearing of the Levi's brand. An offscreen male narrator emphasizes how, despite their differences, every Levi's wearer is the same in how they are "being themselves." One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
981 A Spanish-language advertisement for Levi's jeans in which a prospector in the Old West finds a Levi Strauss & Co. button while panning for gold in a stream. The prospector uses the button to forge a pair of Levi's jeans in a blacksmith, as the ad intersperses shots of contemporary young people wearing the jeans. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
982 An advertisement for Levi's clothing in which animated cowboys on horseback ride around a countryside holding long thread lines above their heads while a jingle plays. An offscreen male narrator describes how Levi's maintains a tough "blue jean spirit" through all of its products, and the camera pulls back to reveal the cowboys are riding over a pair of jeans and creating stitch lines with their paths. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
983 An advertisement for Levi's 501 jeans in which a blues-inspired rock song plays over scenes of men wearing Levi's and performing dynamic activities like fire baton-twirling.
984 An advertisement for General Electric's Lexan-brand polycarbonate plastic sheeting in which a bull rampaging through a store is unable to break any of the Lexan products on display. An offscreen male narrator describes the strength of Lexan and its uses for items like helmets, chairs, and windows. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
985 An advertisement for Liberty Mutual automobile insurance in which an offscreen male narrator extols the benefits of the company's plans over a scene of a man getting into a car accident and emergency personnel assisting him after the crash. A man in an insurance company office files some paperwork as the narrator states, "At Liberty Mutual, you deal direct!" Submitted for the Clio Awards.
986 An advertisement for Liberty Mutual's "Protection in Depth" worker's compensation policies, in which an offscreen male narrator describes Liberty Mutual's workplace safety initiatives over scenes of human hands hugging children, welding in a factory, and receiving physical therapy. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
987 An advertisement for Liberty Mutual's "Protection in Depth" worker's compensation policies, in which a welder in Houston, Texas describes receiving benefits from his employer after losing his hand in an accident on the job. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
988 An advertisement for Liberty National Bank in which the viewer is guided through the bank's spaces and services. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
989 People spend their whole day in the shower playing instrument, painting, and sleeping because Lifebuoy Soap is so good that they don’t want to leave. 
990 Chicken, cake, and pie float in balloons before being popped and revealing that all these products can be made using Light Spry Shorting.
991 An advertisement for Lion lager beer in which a group of men pour the product into glasses and drink it at a barbecue on a rocky beach. An offscreen male narrator describes Lion lager as one of the good things in life and a jingle plays over images of the beer next to steak and cheese. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
992 An advertisement for Lionel toy train sets in which an offscreen narrator tells the story of a thwarted train robbery in the Old West as enacted by Lionel train sets and figurines. The camera pulls back to reveal a young boy overlooking and playing with the train set. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
993 An advertisement for Lipton packaged food in which a character dressed as Cleopatra finds the Lipton chicken noodle soup mix easy to make without help. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
994 An advertisement for Lipton's packaged food in a which a woman sings while she prepares the boxed chicken soup. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
995 An advertisement for Lipton packaged food in which a home cook discovers all the ways she can use Lipton cream style chicken soup mix. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
996 An advertisement for Liquid Prell shampoo in which a person drops the bottle in the shower and it bounces without shattering. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
997 An advertisement for Listerine mouthwash in which a man and woman, former lovers, reunite aboard a ship. The woman's current husband appears and gifts the other man a bottle of Listerine to improve his love life before comedically jumping overboard. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
998 Log Cabin butter syrup is poured on pancakes, French toast, and waffles. The narrator place strong emphasis on the butter component of the syrup.
999 The narrator sings about buttered syrup accompanied by a banjo.
1000 An advertisement for Nabisco Lorna Doone packaged cookies in which a song plays highlighting the butter used in the product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
1001 After asking what brings a man to Louis Department Store, the commercial shows airplanes bringing in customers from around the world. 
1002 Men and women dance wearing different clothes in each scene. In the background, a song plays asking, "who did it". The commercial ends with Louis Miller saying he did it.
1003 An advertisement for Lubbock Savings and Loan Association in which a narrator compares two women who spend and save money differently. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
1004 An advertisement for Lucky Strike cigarettes in which a radio DJ smokes the product while describing it to listeners and then plays a jingle. Submitted for Clio Awards category Tobacco Products and Supplies.
1005 This commercials presents Lucky Whip an ideal topping for gelatin desserts and explains that it is low in calories.
1006 Lucky Whip topping mix is easy to make. It makes desserts such as pumpkin pie, cake, and gelatin taste better. Lucky Whip also comes in a can for instance whip topping.
1007 Actress/dancer, Taina Elg performs a ballet before explaining how she needs New Lux Soap to keep her skin perfected for the Hollywood cameras. 
1008 Photos of actress Leslie Caron are shown to promote Lux soap.  As the photo are shown a narrator talks about the benefits of using lux soap. 
1009 In a commercial for Lux soap a narrator voices the thoughts of a couple as they embrace. The narrator states how the woman eased her worries about her appearance by using Lux soap.  The commercial concludes with the couple kissing. 
1010 A fashion designer and all her models use Lux soap to make their skin soft and beautiful.  
1011 An advertisement for Lux soap in which an offscreen male narrator tells a woman who is fearfully wrapping her head in a towel that she no longer needs to worry about drying out her face when washing with soap. The narrator describes the moisturizing lather of the product over an animation of a lotion bottle and shots of the woman applying soap to her face. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1012 A woman removes her glasses and applies Lux Soap for 10 seconds to soften her skin. 
1013 An advertisement for MacLeans toothpaste in which a couple plays on a beach and rides on a motorbike while displaying white teeth. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
1014 An advertisement for Magicool rubber girdles by Perma-Lift in which an offscreen female narrator describes the product while a woman at a vanity table demonstrates it. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1015 An advertisement for Malt Duck liquor in which a man orders the product in various scenarios.
1016 An advertisement for Manufacturer's Trust Bank in which an animated girl rides a pogo stick that she saved money for using the bank, and the narrator instructs the viewer about the organization's services. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
1017 An advertisement for Manufacturer's Trust Bank in which an animated girl learns about the bank's policy on savings account interest. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
1018 An advertisement for Manufacturers Hanover Trust bank narrated by a man. The scene depicts a defeated man named Mr. Bender driving his jalopy into a mechanics shop; he has been there so often that they have a coffee mug with his name on it. Manufacturers Hanover Trust suggests that Mr. Bender could buy a new car on credit and save money. The scene ends with a close-up of a logo and the tag line "...it's good to have a great bank behind you."
1019 A couple wakes up and eats maple leaf bacon as part of their daily routine. 
1020 A bugler breaks into a home but gets caught by the police because he couldn’t decide if he should steal the Marconi TV or the Marconi stereo. 
1021 Julie London and a man dine together. During the dinner Julie London sings the Marlboro song while both she and the man smoke cigarettes.
1022 An advertisement for Marlboro in which a cowboy smokes a cigarette over shots of horses running across a body of water. An offscreen male narrator urges the viewer to "come to Marlboro country." One of the winners of the 1971 Clio Awards.
1023 An advertisement for Marlboro in which a team of cowboys smoke cigarettes before rounding up a group of wild horses in a mountainous setting. An offscreen male narrator, accompanied by an orchestral score, describes the scene as illustrative of "Marlboro Country." One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
1024 As a boy builds a model rocket the 3 musketeers on the candy bar comes to life and tells the boy how good the 3 Musketeers candy bar is.  
1025 An advertisement for Marshmallow Fluff packaged foods in which two children provide an address from which the viewer can obtain a branded recipe book.Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
1026 An advertisement for Martha White flour in which two animated cowboys sing a ballad about the product. An offscreen male narrator describes the benefits of the flour over close-up images of pies, biscuits, and cakes. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1027 An advertisement for Martini Bianco in which a jingle plays over various scenes of the Old West, a wedding, and beachgoers lounging and swimming. Submitted for the Clio Awards International category. 
1028 An advertisement for Marx's Buttons the Puppy electric toy in which a circus ringleader sings a jingle and addresses the camera about some of the toy's features. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1029 An advertisement for Marx's miniature Golden Guns toys in which a young boy hovers over a lineup of men from various historical eras (including soldiers, detectives, and cowboys) who are all holding different guns. An offscreen narrator describes the toy line as each of the guns is featured in close-ups. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1030 An advertisement for Marx's Miss Seventeen dolls in which an offscreen male vocalist sings a jingle and a narrator describes the size and accessories of the toy over shots of the dolls posed in various settings. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1031 An advertisement for the Marx-A-Power Giant Bulldozer toy in which an offscreen narrator describes the power of the product over shots of the toy bulldozing through logs and towing a wagon with three children. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1032 Footage of farmers working the fields with Massey-Ferguson vehicles is shown as a jingle is sung exclaiming how male farmers are hard workers.
1033 An advertisement for Massey-Ferguson farming products in which a man uses the brand's tractor to till farm land while a jingle reinforces the theme. Submitted for Clio Awards category Corporate.
1034 An advertisement for Massey-Ferguson farming products in which a group of men drive various farming equipment in a parade formation while an orchestrated march plays as a soundtrack. Submitted for Clio Awards category Corporate.
1035 An advertisement for Massey-Ferguson farming products in which a narrator reflects on the cycles of giving and receiving in crop growing. Submitted for Clio Awards category Corporate.
1036 An advertisement for Master Charge credit cards in which various credit cards are stood side to side and collapsed like domino tiles. An offscreen male narrator describes how Master Charge is the world's number one credit card because it does not have the limitations found in most other cards. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
1037 An advertisement for Masterpiece Theatre on PBS where a variety of viewers are depicted sitting enraptured to their TV sets while watching scenes from the program. An offscreen male narrator promises that Masterpiece Theatre inspires many responses in its audiences, except for boredom. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
1038 An advertisement for Matsushita-brand rice cookers in which two men leave the product outside overnight during a snowstorm. The men open the cooker in the morning to find the rice inside is still hot and ready to serve into bowls. An offscreen narrator speaks in Japanese about the qualities of the product. One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
1039 An advertisement for Barbie dolls in which an offscreen narrator describes the fine details of Barbie's fashion accessories over shots of a woman at a drawing table creating new clothing designs for the doll. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1040 An advertisement for Mattel's Barbie board game in which two girls play the game and daydream of dress shopping and being crowned queen at prom. An offscreen narrator describes the game as the girls play. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1041 An advertisement for Mattel's Beany-Copter in which a jingle plays over a scene of children on a playground wearing the product and releasing its spinning top into the air. An offscreen narrator describes how the product comes with two copter blades. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1042 An advertisement for Mattel's Chatty Cathy doll in which a boy is at first confused, and then amused, by his sister's talking doll after he comes home from a baseball game. The sister describes the doll's voice box, which plays eleven different phrases when a back string is pulled. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1043 An advertisement for Mattel's Snub-Nose .38 and Tommy Burst Machine Gun toy weapons, in which a young boy plays with the toys as his father tries to read him the latest Dick Tracy comic strip. A narrator on a nearby TV screen promotes the two products as the "only official Dick Tracy guns." Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1044 An advertisement for Mattel's Talking Blaze toy horse in which a cowboy admires and inquires about the product when he sees a little boy riding it. The boy reveals that the toy horse speaks when a string is pulled and tells the cowboy where he can purchase the product. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1045 An advertisement for Mattel's Shootin' Shell toy pistols and holsters in which a young boy meticulously unloads and reloads his toy gun in close-up. An offscreen male narrator boasts that the product carries "the true stamp of the Old West" over a scene of the boy dressed as a cowboy in an old western town. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1046 An advertisement for Mattel's Snub-Nose .38 toy pistol in which a little boy, play-acting as a detective named Snubby Gun, stops a thief from robbing a jewelry store. An offscreen narrator describes the features of the toy over a scene of Snubby returning to his office and target practicing. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1047 A woman modeling different outfits from Californian fashion designers uses Max Factor Case-Mates to go along with her outfits.
1048 A woman has all the pretty fashion accessories a woman could ever want; however, above all she values Max Factor Crème Puff.
1049 A woman stands in a fire while she pours gold dust from goblets onto herself and the fire. The narrator praises Max Factor Goldfire lipstick as bongos/congas music plays in the background.
1050 Max Factor blue hi fi fluid eye liner was used by a woman on a date both in the day and at night. 
1051 A woman works in a green house before the film transitions to her putting on Hi Fi Fluid makeup and then going out for dinner.
1052 A woman at a theater is praised for her beauty. Then there is a flashback where it shows her using Max Factor hi-fi fluid make-up.
1053 A narrator list off the various benefits of Max Factor Hi Society lipstick as elegant well to do women model it.
1054 A woman in purple dances in a white background before the camera pans to another woman in purple putting on lipstick.
1055 An advertisement for Max Factor's "California Mad Mad Colors" line in which a female narrator describes the colors and uses for the various lip and nail products. A woman in stop-motion animation and live action showcases the products. Submitted for the Clio Awards. 
1056 Transitions between a women modeling no shine lipstick and paper animation of the lipstick, sun, and flowers.
1057 An advertisement for Max Factor's "Once Upon A Red" lipstick and nail line in which a female narrator describes the red color of the products. A woman in a stylized fairytale setting is shown having trouble finding her Prince Charming until she uses the products and finds love. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1058 A woman with her hair blowing in the wind models Max Factor’s Ooh La California makeup products while a female narrator explains the products.
1059 Several women model in front of Parisian themed scenery and settings. The narrator advertised several Max Factor products while comparing Paris to women.
1060 The scene starts with a women riding a horse wearing a red fox hunting suit. The narrator then states how Max Factor Creme Puff can be used for any occasion of the day. The scene then shows a women using the product at a department store and at a party.
1061 An advertisement for Max Factor Sheer Genius in which a male narrator, accompanied by music, describes how the makeup acts as "foundation, liquid, moisturizer, and powder." The narrator lists five reasons for choosing Sheer Genius over close-ups of a woman's face and animated images of the product. The advertisement ends with a woman tossing her hair. Submitted for the Clio Awards. 
1062 An advertisement for Max Factor Fine Line lipsticks in which a female narrator describes the "slim new fluted case" and wedge tip as a woman showcases the products through various split screens and animated graphic effects. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1063 An advertisement for Max Factor in which a female narrator, accompanied by music, describes "No Shine" lipstick and "Nail Satin" nail polishes in new "Autumn Sun" colors. Split screens show a woman displaying the products as well as various other images related to the products' feminine qualities. Submitted for the Clio Awards. 
1064 An advertisement for Max Factor in which a female narrator, accompanied by music, describes Ooh La California lipsticks and nail polishes with matte finishes while another woman displays the products. Submitted for the Clio Awards. 
1065 An advertisement for "Maxim Freeze-Dried Coffee," or instant iced coffee, narrated by a man who is accompanied by music. The scene depicts percolators being used in fourteen different ways other than to make coffee, such as a fishbowl, during the summer. The scene ends with a close-up of the product on ice as the narrator says, "You may never "perc" again."
1066 An advertisement for Maxwell House ground coffee in which a narrator demonstrates the brewing process and describes the taste. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
1067 A man is able to get up in the morning after he hears his Maxwell House Coffee brewing. 
1068 An advertisement for Maxwell House ground coffee in which a narrator demonstrates what can fit in one of the product jars for reuse. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
1069 Santa struggles to deliver a large sack of presents to May Company. The commercial uses hand drawn pencil animation.
1070 Shows a woman modeling Maybelline's various eye makeup products.
1071 An advertisement for Mazola corn oil in which an offscreen male narrator describes the germ of a corn kernel and how it contains the "key to life and growth" of corn products. As the narrator speaks, a corn kernel transforms into a bottle of Mazola corn oil, which a hand picks up and pours into a bowl. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
1072 An advertisement for McCulloch Chainsaw in which a narrator demonstrates the product in action as it cuts wood. Submitted for Clio Awards.
1073 An advertisement for McDonald's in which a mother takes her two daughters to eat at the restaurant after her husband leaves for an extended trip. A jingle plays over a scene of mother and daughters eating, while the woman states in voiceover narration that McDonald's makes it easier for her during times when she has to be "both the mother and the father." One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
1074 An advertisement for McGarry Sausages in which a puppet is hanging from a window ledge and asks for help. A second puppet asks if they can buy McGarry's sausages. The first puppet says no, then the second puppet slams the window down and says, "why don't you drop down to the store for some?"
1075 An advertisement for Mcgarry Sausages in which a butcher puppet sells another puppet 10 pounds of savory sausages.
1076 An advertisement for McGarry Sausages in which two puppets are sitting on a wall. One puppets says "eat McGarry sausages and your troubles will vanish" then the other puppet disappears.
1077 An advertisement for McGarry Sausages in which two puppets are at a dinner table. One puppet asks the other if they want a bite, the other puppet says yes, then the first puppet bites the second puppet.
1078 A narrator explains the benefits of Mennen Baby Magic as a nurse and mother apply the lotion to a baby.
1079 A narrator explains the benefit of Mennen Baby Magic and Baby Powder as a mother applies Baby Magic to her baby. 
1080 A baby lying face down begins to cry. The baby stops crying when its mother comes and put some Mennen Baby Magic lotion on it. 
1081 A mother explains how Mennen Baby Powder acts as a second diaper for her daughter. 
1082 A narrator explains how defenseless and helpless newborn babies are. He then goes on to tell the audience that you can protect you baby from skin diseases by using Mennen Gentell baby soap. While the narrator is talking a baby is shown crying and receiving a bath.
1083 The commercial show how Mennen Tender Aide can heal diaper rash. 
1084 Mennen After Shave Lotion is placed in a water cooler instead of water. The men in the office gather around the water cooler to use the lotion. The commercial concludes with a female co worker throwing her arms around one of the men that just used the lotion. 
1085 A narrator explains how defenseless and helpless babies are. He then goes on to tell the audience that you can protect you baby from skin diseases by using Mennen Gentell baby soap. While the narrator is talking a baby is shown crying and receiving a bath. 
1086 An advertisement for Mennen Genteel Baby Bath Soap featuring a montage of close-ups of an infant being washed with the product, accompanied by a heartbeat soundtrack. The commercial was designed and directed by graphic designer Saul Bass, best known for his work as a Hollywood poster and title sequence designer. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1087 An advertisement for the Mercedes-Benz 350SL in which six cars perform a synchronized "ballet" of mimicking each other's movements and weaving into and out of each other's paths. An offscreen male narrator describes the features of the vehicle, emphasizing how the model is so responsive, six cars "can react as one." One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
1088 A Mercury Meteor drives down a road as a narrator tells the viewer to dial m for Mercury Meter. The narrator also tells the viewers to dial other letters as he lists the benefits of the Mercury Meteor.
1089 An advertisement for the Mercury Monterey sedan in which a woman shows her husband a film she has made featuring her neighbor as a Mercury dealer. Submitted for Clio Awards category Autos.
1090 A hunter and his dog get into a Mercury Monterey to drive to their hunting site. The Monterey is advertised as being a large and fast car.  
1091 A young American couple are sailing from colder climates to Jamaica for a honeymoon and they've brought their Mercury car with them on the trip. The announcer is singing in an overt Jamaican accent about the car and the couples adventure with Jamaican musicians depicted only through their hands playing instruments providing music to accompany the jingle. We see the car travel through Jamaica with the couple, including to the beach where older British women inspect it appreciatively. As the couple drives other white tourist also smile at the car. In the final scenes all of the white tourists are gathered around the Mercury car shaking maracas as the black, Jamaican people play music and dance around the car smiling. 
1092 An advertisement for a 1959 Mercury automobile in which a private investigator narrates the plot to steal the Mercury by Zsa Zsa Gabor. Submitted for Clio Awards category Autos.
1093 As a grandson spells out Comet with wooden blocks his grandfather lists all the Comet's benefits for each letter of Comet.
1094 A Mercury Comet rolls into an old western town where it is confronted by another Comet. Tension builds between the two cars until a third Comet comes in and breaks up the fight. 
1095 A pant-less boy carries his ripped Dura-Jeans to Mervyn to receive his guaranteed free replacement jeans as part of Mervyn's children durability policy.
1096 A man reminds the viewers of how the minutemen at the Battle of Lexington & Concord protected American freedom. The commercial concludes with the man encouraging viewers to return next week to watch another episode about Winston Churchill.   
1097 An advertisement for the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company in which a child draws pictures while his father describes in voiceover how a Metropolitan agent helped the family take stock of their financial assets. An offscreen narrator touts Metropolitan's "family security check-up" offerings. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1098 An advertisement for Midas Mufflers in which an animated car drives to get its muffler fixed, accompanied by music and captions explaining the process and guarantees. Then a male narrator says, "So, drive safely to you Midas Muffler shop."
1099 An advertisement for Midas Mufflers in which an animated car drives to get its muffler fixed, accompanied by music and captions explaining the process and guarantees. Then a male narrator says, "So, drive safely to you Midas Muffler shop."
1100 An advertisement for Midas Mufflers in which an animated man drives a loud jalopy around nervous about how long it would take to fix his muffler. A male narrator reassures him that it only takes 15 minutes to replace a muffler at Midas.
1101 An advertisement for Milday's frozen blintzes in which a narrator describes how the product is American as apple pie and hot dogs, and how to cook the blintze in a fry pan. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
1102 A girl pester her mother asking if it is time to add the Milani Salad Dressing. The mother finally allows her daughter add the dressing and the narrator mentions Milani's different types of salad dressings.
1103 An advertisement for Milk-Bone Flavor Snacks dog biscuits that depicts a cartoon talking dog addressing himself in a mirror. The dog commands himself to do a number of tricks and then gives himself Flavor Snacks as rewards and then goes on to describe the product in more detail.
1104 An advertisement for Millbrook packaged bread in which the animated character Maestro Millbrook announces the brand's "miracle mix" white bread. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
1105 An advertisement for Millinery Institute of America apparel in which a model poses in the brand's line of hats. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
1106 An advertisement for Milton Bradley's Summit strategy board game in which an onscreen announcer describes the game over stock footage of industrial production plants and shots of a family playing the game at home. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1107 A woman advertises the various cloths available at Minnesota Fabric. As she is talking, her legs walk off and new sets of legs walks in, each wearing different types of cloth and clothing.
1108 An advertisement of Mirinda orange soda in which a man drinks the product at an outdoor restaurant, followed by scenes of thousands of oranges flooding over a waterfall, falling down rooftops and city streets, and eventually covering the ground waist-deep around the man and restaurant. An offscreen narrator describes how Mirinida tastes like "an orange avalanche" and a chorus sings a jingle. One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
1109 An advertisement for Modess sanitary napkins in which "....because" is slowly written out in animated cursive letters. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1110 An advertisement for Molson Beer in which a male narrator speaks in French Canadian about "La Force De L'Age" (translated The Strength of the Age) while music plays and images of construction are shown. Images of electrical plant, hospital, stadium, and dam. The commercial ends with the Molson logo and slogan "La Bonne Biere de Chez Nous."
1111 An advertisement for Molson Canadian Lager Beer in which a brass band enters the Molson beer factory. The tuba player gets stuck entering the doors and chases the rest of the band through the factory. The tuba player accidentally ends up on a truck which drives away at the end of the commercial, as the slogan, "It's the FRIENDLY lager" is spoken and displayed
1112 An advertisement for Molson Beer in which a male narrator speaks in French Canadian about "La Force De L'Age" (translated The Strength of the Age) while music plays and images of construction are shown. Riders on a subway look out and see construction sites including building of the metro. The commercial ends with the Molson logo and slogan "La Bonne Biere de Chez Nous."
1113 An advertisement for Molson Beer in which an man is pictures playing an accordion next to a river before the camera quickly cuts away to a male narrator speaking in French Canadian about "La Force De L'Age" (translated The Strength of the Age) while music plays and images of industry are pictured. Boats, bridges, highways, and city buildings are all seen while music plays. The commercial ends with the Molson logo and slogan "La Bonne Biere de Chez Nous." Narration is in French.
1114 An advertisement for Molson's Canadian Lager in which people are shown consuming the product while participating in Canadian outdoor activities. 
1115 An advertisement for Molson's Beer in which a coach sings a song with various sports players, asking them to pair sports with various items. Then they all sing that Molson's Export Ale goes with every good thing.
1116 As a matador alludes a bull a woman in the stands extols the qualities of Moment of Truth aftershave. 
1117 An advertisement for Monarch brand baking mixes in which a man returns home from work to find that his wife has prepared a dessert using Monarch's date square mix. The couple embrace while the man passes his son a date square. An offscreen narrator describes the quality of the date square mix, while a choir sings a jingle about how Monarch products will "make you proud of everything you bake." Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1118 An advertisement for Mutual of New York (MONY) life insurance in which a woman describes needing to sell her cabin following her husband's death. An offscreen male narrator talks about the importance of discussing life insurance options as the woman wanders around the emptied cabin. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
1119 An advertisement for Morpul nylons in which a jingle plays over animation of various lines and shapes and stop-motion images of a woman wearing the product. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1120 An advertisement for Moulinex's electric knife in which the knife is demonstrated effortlessly cutting through a large stack of various produce and meats as an offscreen male narrator speaks in French. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
1121 The narrator explains that the secret to Mrs.Filbert's mayonnaise is in how it is made and not in the ingredients. The different ingredients are animated with stop motion.
1122 An advertisement for "Mrs. Paul's Fried Onion Rings Party Pack" that is narrated by a man accompanied by music. The advertisement depicts fried onion rings showing up in the most unlikely places, like in a slot machine at a casino. The scene ends with a close-up of the product as the narrator praises it.
1123 After a shootout with the police a criminal is asked to come out of the house with his hands up. Before surrendering himself to the police the criminal applies Mum Spray Deodorant. 
1124 A man and a woman both wear matching suits. A narrator then states the way you can tell the difference between a man and woman is that a woman wears New Mum Deodorant Spray. 
1125 A man and a woman both wear matching motorcycle suits. A narrator then states the way you can tell the difference between a man and woman is that a woman wears New Mum Deodorant Spray.
1126 Women wear sleeveless dresses because they used Mum Spray Deodorant which doesn’t irritate skin after shaving and protects them from odor.  
1127 Four reporters rush to pay phones to tell their news agency about Muriel Cigars. Then actress/singer Edie Adams walks into the room singing a song about Muriel Cigars.
1128 An advertisement for My Sin by Lanvin in which a woman holding a black cat addresses the camera and highlights the different lines of My Sin fragrances. The products described include My Sin Spray Mist, My Sin Eau de Lanvin, My Sin Perfume, and a purse sized flacon designed by Cartier. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1129 An advertisement for My Sin by Lanvin in which a male narrator repeats how the product is a "most provocative perfume" over a scene of a couple sitting on the ground surrounded by a black cat and white kittens. The scene ends with a close-up of My Sin perfume and the black cat wearing a heavy necklace. Submitted for the Clio Awards. 
1130 An advertisement for My-T-Fine chocolate pudding in which a narrator describes the product while a person eats a bowl of it. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
1131 An advertisement for Nabisco packaged crackers in which a narrator demonstrates the different shapes and varieties of Rye Thins, Wheat Thins and Triangle Thins. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
1132 An advertisement for Nabisco Fig Newtons packaged cookies in which a boy tries to mail himself to Nabisco to find on-brand Fig Newtons instead of the other fig cookies his mother served him. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
1133 An advertisement for Nabisco Oreo packaged cookies in which a baby named Chester yells the word "oreo" which such force that it knocks his parents over. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
1134 An advertisement for Nabisco Premium Snowflake packaged saltine crackers in which a woman brings in a tray of food from the rain and demonstrates how the brand's package stays dry. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
1135 An advertisement for Nabisco Sugar Honey Grahams packaged crackers in which an animated daisy and daffodil sing about the product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
1136 An advertisement for Nabisco Vanilla Wafers packaged cookies in which a hungry animated pirate hallucinates that his parrot is a box of Vanilla Wafers and so he chases the animal to the bottom of the ocean where they dance and sing. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
1137 An advertisement for Nabisco Vanilla Wafers packaged cookies in which a song plays highlighting the eggs used in the product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
1138 An advertisement for Nabisco Veri-Thin packaged pretzels in which a narrator uses a Dutch accent to recite a story similar to "Goldilocks and the Three Bears" in order to sell the product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
1139 An advertisement for Nair lotion, cream, foam, and spray hair removal products in which four women in short jeans dance outside on a front stoop and sing about how they dare to wear short shorts. Two offscreen narrators state that Nair products remove hair to make legs ready for short shorts. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
1140 A video of a rose blooming and Rambler cars driving are shown. People sing a song about how the Rambler is an "American Beauty".
1141 As people from different occupations sing about the Rambler, different illustrations are shown to match the lyrics of the song.
1142 A public service announcement from the National Alliance of Businessmen in which a lineup of toy soldiers is packed away into a box, symbolizing America's disregard of veterans. An offscreen male narrator discusses the importance of employers hiring veterans over images of actual human veterans. A hand is shown reopening the box of toy soldiers. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
1143 An advertisement for National Bohemian Beer in which a lighthouse narrates how it has witnessed many historical events in the Chesapeake Bay, including the creation of National Bohemian Beer in 1885. An animated segment includes the voice of Mel Blanc, best known for his work with the Looney Tunes. Submitted for the Clio Awards. 
1144 A public service announcement from the National Clearinghouse for Drug Abuse Information in which an offscreen chorus sings a modified version of the children's rhyme "Ten Little Indians" over scenes of people suffering and overdosing from illicit drug use. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1145 An advertisement for National Cotton Council brand in which a narrator guides the viewer through a dollhouse containing cotton products. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
1146 An advertisement for National Cotton Council products in which a narrator discusses the comfort and durability of cotton. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.

1147 An advertisement for National Cotton Council fibers in which a narrator describes how Mrs. Powers had trouble getting clothes clean until she discovered cotton products. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
1148 Different statutes are shown as a narrator tells the audience of how National Educational Television will broaden their life. 
1149 An advertisement for the National Geographic TV special "The Incredible Machine," featuring actor E.G. Marshall narrating over shots of X-ray footage and the human body in motion. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
1150 An advertisement for National Hi-Top batteries in which a man directly addresses the camera and talks about the product while a battery-operated bunny toy moves beside him. The man reveals himself to be an android and pulls a battery out of his own chest, causing himself to collapse. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
1151 A Japanese-language advertisement for National Hi-Top batteries in which a cymbalist powers a cymbal-banging monkey toy with the product and begins playing the cymbals side by side with it. A time lapse shows the cymbalist growing exhausted, but the monkey continues to play. The cymbalist throws the monkey toy in frustration. One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
1152 A public service announcement from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration with the U.S. Department of Transportation, in which a man and a woman frolic on a beach set to a song where a female vocalist sings about things she is looking forward to doing in her future. An offscreen male narrator reveals that the woman died in a car accident caused by a drunk driver, and the setting transitions from the beach to photographs of the woman hanging inside a house. An ending title card encourages the viewer to do something about problem drinkers. One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
1153 A public service announcement sponsored by The National Book Committee in cooperation with the American Library Association that is narrated by a man. The scene depicts a montage of still images of people reading and being read to in various settings as the narrator emphasizes the many benefits of reading.
1154 A narrator talks about all the different things a book can make you feel like. As the narrator speaks pictures are shown of people reading. 
1155 A narrator explains the values and importance of reading books as cartoon illustrations highlight the narrator talking points.  
1156 An advertisement for the National Life and Accident Insurance Company in which a male narrator in an empty television studio addresses the camera about the company's dependability.
1157 An advertisement for National Pana-Arm desk lamps in which a stop-motion animated lamp tries to catch a black speck buzzing like a mosquito around it. The speck falls to the table after colliding with the lamp and a toy ambulance arrives on the scene. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
1158 An advertisement for Nationwide auto insurance in which a car travels across desert, country, and city environments while an offscreen male narrator describes the benefits of Nationwide policies. The car receives directions from a Native American man on a horse as the narrator explains how Nationwide helps policy holders "find their way" when they are lost. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1159 An advertisement for Nationwide life insurance in which a small boy pretends to shave using his father's shaving cream and lotion. A narrator describes the benefits of life insurance policies for providing family protection so that "little shavers" can become grown men. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1160 An advertisement for Neet lotion hair remover in which a woman in a barber shop jumps out of her seat and dances to a jingle just as a barber with an oversized razor moves to shave her. An offscreen male narrator describes how the product remedies issues with sharp stubble by leaving skin soft, while the woman dances around a pond and a setting of barber poles with sharp branches sprouting from them. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1161 Wooden puppets gather and sing about Neilson’s Chocolate. 
1162 A public service announcement from the New York City Department of Health in which a rat is shown burrowing its way underneath a scene of children playing outside as ominous music plays. An offscreen male narrator encourages viewers to cut off rats' food sources by disposing of garbage in a lidded trash can. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1163 A public service announcement for the New York Urban Coalition that is narrated by a man. The scene depicts a claustrophobic POV shot of someone following a white man around a very derelict apartment. It is revealed that the potential renter is a black man, who reluctantly says, "I'll take it." The scene ends with the New York Urban Coalition address as the narrator solicits help, "Almost half of all non-whites are forced to live in substandard housing...Give a damn."
1164 An advertisement for Johnson & Johnson's No More Tangles hairspray in which a small girl describes how her mother was inadvertently damaging her hair by pulling out clumps of it while combing. By applying the product, the mother is shown able to move a comb through the girl's hair without getting it tangled.  One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
1165 A man uses a wireless Norelco electric shaver during his vacation. He shaves while sunbathing, biking, boating, horseback riding, waterskiing, go karting, and swimming. A narrator states that the shaver can last 2 weeks without needing to be charge or can be used while its plugged in. 
1166 A man counts out 18 traditional razorblades before the commercial transitions to shots of the Norelco electric shaver being used which has 18 blades in it. 
1167 Two couples are shown driving a jeep in the mountains to go skiing. The woman uses Noxzema skin cream to keep her skin moist as she spends the day in the snowy mountains.
1168 A woman encourages men to join the Noxzema team and chant their slogan of “take it off”. Footage is then shown of a man using Noxzema shaving cream to shave.
1169 Four men on motorcycles drive through the night in search of the right cologne. The men find four women in the middle of the road, each with the four types of Numero Uno cologne.  The men pair up with the women and they all drive off into the night. 
1170 An advertisement for Ocean Spray Cranberry Sauce in which a narrator tells a story of English settlement and the origin of cranberry sauce in the American diet, and describes the brand's product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
1171 The commercial has a jingle that goes "Chicken every Sunday...Cranberries every chicken" The commercial has an animated pictures of forks, chicken and cranberries as the jingle goes on in the background. 
1172 An advertisement for Ohio Federal Bank in which a man gambles money at a horse track and instructs the viewer on saving money at the bank. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
1173 A man is driving an Old Home Bread truck with lots of loaves of bread in the back. He stops the truck at an Old Home diner and has an exchange with a waitress who talks about all of the specials and options on the menu. A country jingle accompanies the ad and details the first-person perspective of the truck driver.
1174 An Old Home Bread truck driver is getting overheated and his tank it almost empty. He stops at an Old Home cafe to get some gas and also orders a hamburger. He flirts with the waitress and then drops off more buns for her to sell at the cafe. A first-person, country jingle accompanies the ad.
1175 An advertisement for Old Home bread in which an offscreen singer performs a ballad about an Old Home truck driver who attends a volunteer fireman's ball with his girlfriend. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
1176 A woman sorts through an assortment of Old Spice products. A narrator states that they make a product that will satisfy the preference of any woman. 
1177 A man and woman embrace in a palm tree as a narrator explains the benefits of using Old Spice Lime Aftershave.  
1178 As a construction crew builds a skyscraper a businessman pulls up his Oldsmobile Dynamic. The Dynamic is presented as the car for people of progress and growth as other footage is shown of the Dynamic being used by surveyors and construction workers. 
1179 Two boys wash their family Oldsmobile Rocket. The boys are later joined by their parents and the family takes a drive in the Rocket together.
1180 A star appears and traces out a few circles which soon turn into trumpets, we cut to a timpani being played, and finally a conductor leading a band as the announcer presents the 1960 Oldsmobile. It’s driving down a street and the announcer talks about its balanced design. We see a sketch of its chassis and some more information is displayed in text as the announcer talks about each. We see a couple in the car on an open road driving it. 
1181 An advertisement for Olympia Beer in which a song about the special water used in brewing the product overlays footage of a fountain and people boating. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1182 An advertisement for Olympia Beer in which a narrator discusses a train conductor who brings barley malt to the brewery.
1183 An advertisement for Olympia Beer in which a narrator discusses how many of the brewery's employees are also members of the local volunteer fire department.
1184 An advertisement for Olympia Beer in which a narrator discusses how the brewery's gardens are beautiful because the water is different.
1185 An advertisement for Olympia Beer in which a narrator discusses the career of Harvey Dunn, a man who supervised the brewery's bottling.
1186 An advertisement for Olympia Beer in which an orchestra plays in front of a fountain while an offscreen narrator describes the features and ingredients of the product. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1187 An advertisement for Olympia Beer in which a narrator discusses the water in Tumwater, Washington, which makes the product taste the way it does.
1188 All of the passengers on cruise wear bright white cloths that were washed with Omo laundry detergent. 
1189 An advertisement from the Ontario Milk Marketing Board in which a jingle about "wearing a mustache" plays over scenes of young people drinking glasses of milk and getting "milk mustaches" below their noses. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
1190 A public service announcement for the Opportunities Industrialization Center's (OIC) adult education programs in which a Black man from New York recounts his difficulties finding and sustaining a job until OIC taught him a useful trade. The man addresses the camera about the importance of learning a skill to make it in the world. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1191 An animated advertisement for Optrex Eye Dew in which the Evil Queen (stylized from Disney's "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs") uses the product in her eyes after her mirror tells her that Snow White is the fairest one of all. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
1192 A boy sings about how he prefers Oreos over girls.
1193 An advertisement for Pabst Beer in which an animated man riding a tandem bicycle talks to women about the new small bottles of beer and the ease of storing them in a refrigerator. Then the camera pulls back to reveal that a woman is biking him around.
1194 An advertisement for Oscar Mayer packaged hot dogs in which a narrator accidentally squirts mustard on a sign while describing the product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
1195 An advertisement for OTC Australia telephone services in which expatriates use phone services to keep in touch with family members back in their home country, set to the tune of the song "The Way We Were." Submitted for the Clio Awards International category.
1196 An advertisement for OTC Australia telephone services in which a narrator describes his gratitude about being able to use phone services to keep in touch with his father back in Italy, set to the tune of the song "The Way We Were." Submitted for the Clio Awards International category.
1197 An advertisement for Ovaltine chocolate milk powder in which a male narrator talks about the love a mother gives to a child and the 'extras' mothers do for children. A mother is pictured helping a boy with his shoes, sewing a button and enjoying a cup of Ovaltine at a dinner table.
1198 An advertisement for Ozite "Colony Point" Herculon carpeting in which a man carpets the cages of the Baltimore City Zoo with the product in order to demonstrate its durability and strength. The man extols the features of the carpeting over scenes of lions, elephants, and seals crawling, walking, and scratching over it in their cages. One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
1199 An advertisement for P.F. Flyers footwear where a young boy reads a science-fiction story in which he stops a bomb detonation and outruns bad guys in his P.F. shoes. An animated chipmunk character encourages the viewer to buy the P.F. brand. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1200 An advertisement for B.F. Goodrich's line of P.F. brand sneakers in which a teenage girl describes the product to a young boy she is babysitting while he secretly ties her shoelaces together. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1201 An advertisement for B.F. Goodrich's line of P.F. brand sneakers in which a teenage girl talks on the phone with her friends about the qualities of the product. Her younger brother repeatedly demands for her to get off the phone so he can use it. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1202 An advertisement for P.F. footwear in which two teenage boys discuss the qualities of the shoes while sitting at a soda shop. An offscreen male narrator emphasizes how the P.F. label includes shoes for both men and women. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1203 An advertisement for Pabst Blue Ribbon in which three men sing a song in a saloon about how Pabst brings back the good old days. The ad begins with a parody of a silent melodrama, where a man fights a mustachioed villain and saves a kidnapped woman from being killed by a buzzsaw. Submitted for the Clio Awards. 
1204 A daughter misses her father when goes on a business trip. Luckily, she and her mother can talk with her father because they used the Bell Telephone Company for their phone call.
1205 An advertisement for Pacquin hand lotion in which an offscreen male narrator compares non-moisturized hands to dry, fallen leaves. A pile of leaves blows away as an animation of the product hovers over it, and the narrator describes the moisturizing qualities of the lotion over shots of flowers and a woman applying it to her hands. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1206 An advertisement for Silk 'n Satin hand lotion by Pacquin in which an offscreen male narrator asks a woman if she wants to give her hands a vacation away from housework. The narrator describes the moisturizing qualities of the lotion over close-ups of the woman's lotioned hands as they dance in front of a beach backdrop. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1207 A woman narrator describes the smoothness of the skin lotion as a women applies the lotion to her skin. A choir chorus sings a jingle in the background throughout the video.
1208 An advertisement for Pacquins anti-detergent hand cream in which a female narrator praises the qualities of the product as a mother and her young son go about their day. The mother applies the cream to her hands after washing dishes, and she and her son purchase more of the cream when they go shopping. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1209 An advertisement for Pak-nit under garments in which a narrator discusses the brand's various styles of product and their shrink-free capabilities. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
1210 An advertisement for Palmolive Gold deodorant soap in which a female student arrives at a crowded classroom, only to have the other students disappear the moment she sits down. An offscreen male narrator describes the qualities of the soap over shots of the woman taking a shower and being kissed by a man. A chorus sings a jingle with the tagline, "Don't wait to be told ... you need Palmolive Gold." Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1211 A woman washes her face with Palmolive Soap as a narrator explains the benefits of using the product. 
1212 An advertisement for Pampers diapers in which a woman recounts the birth of her daughter, and a nurse in the maternity ward is shown putting a Pampers diaper on the newborn shortly after delivery. An offscreen narrator describes the benefits of the product. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
1213 A mother explains how useful pamper diapers are because she can take them wherever she goes, and they are absorbent as well as disposable. 
1214 A Spanish-language advertisement for Pana-Arm desktop lamps in which two stop-motion animated lamps dance and declare love for each other. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
1216 An advertisement for Panasonic personal portable televisions in which a man's Panasonic TV is shown as continuing to play even as the fuse blows and the rest of his house loses power. An offscreen male narrator explains how Panasonic portable TVs have batteries that take over automatically when there is no external electricity. The man brings the TV into the basement to act as a light as he resets the fuse box. One of the winners of the 1971 Clio Awards.
1217 A wealthy woman shops at Pantry Pride because she appreciates the finer things in life such as Pantry Pride’s Beef Brisket. 
1218 Colonel Sanders buys a shopping cart of chicken at Pantry Pride. A young woman and a construction workers voice their approval of the chicken and ham selection available at Pantry Pride.  
1219 An old female secretary states that Pantry Pride has the best rib steaks prices.  
1220 An advertisement for Parliament cigarettes in which a narrator describes the product's recessed filter and price. Submitted for Clio Awards category Tobacco Products and Supplies.
1221 An advertisement for the Peace Corps organization in which a narrator describes the perspective of seeing a glass of water as half full as opposed to half empty, and how the former could indicate an ideal candidate for the Peace Corps.
1222 An advertisement for Pearl Beer in which a male narrator, accompanied by music, speaks about the 1100 Springs region where the water is gathered to brew Pearl Beer. The advertisement ends with a jingle.
1223 A man and a woman sing a jingle about Pennant's instant lemon powder.
1224 An advertisement for Pepperidge Farms frozen puff pastry in which a man rides a branded horse and wagon and describes the cooking process for the product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
1225 An advertisement for Pepperidge Farms frozen lemon turnovers in which a man sits on a branded horse and wagon and describes the cooking process for the product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
1226 An advertisement for Pepsi in which bottles of the product appear and disappear from a carton as a jingle plays about how Pepsi is "for those who think young." An offscreen narrator states that those who buy Pepsi should pick up "an extra carton." Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1227 An advertisement for Pepsi in which a man and woman drink the product at an outdoor cook out where kebabs are cooking over a fire. A jingle plays about how Pepsi is "for those who think young." Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1228 An advertisement for Pepsi in which a young couple visits a fair, while an offscreen male narrator describes how the product is made for people who "think young." A female voice sings a jingle as the couple eats hot dogs and enters a hall of mirrors. Submitted for the Clio Awards. 
1229 An advertisement for Pepsi depicting young people ordering and drinking Pepsi while sitting at a soda fountain. An offscreen male narrator says that "those who think young" order the product, while a female vocalist sings a jingle. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1230 An advertisement for Pepsi in which young people in clown, devil, and Groucho Marx costumes drink Pepsi at a party while a jingle plays about how the product is for "those who think young." Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1231 An advertisement for Pepsi in which young people drink bottles of Pepsi while at a bowling alley. An offscreen male narrator describes Pepsi as part of the leisure routines of "those who think young," while a male vocalist sings a jingle. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1232 An advertisement for Pepsi in which a man playing soccer by himself on the beach is joined by a group of young and adolescent kids. A jingle about the freedom of the "Pepsi Generation" plays as all the players sit by the shore and drink bottles of Pepsi. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
1233 An advertisement for Pepsi in which a man and woman order and drink cups of the product at the concessions area of a crowded event. An offscreen male narrator describes the lively qualities of the product and a female vocalist sings a jingle about how Pepsi is "for those who think young." Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1234 Young adults play a game of beach football while drinking Pepsi. 
1235 In a high tech lab, scientists develop the new Personna razor blade that can last five shaves and still feel like its brand new. To test this claim all five scientists takes turns testing the blade to see if it will last. 
1236 A razorblade is dipped in chicken fat and hung to dry. A narrator states that all Personna blades receive the same treatment and the same quality they put into their surgical blades is also put into their razorblades.
1237 Surgeons in a medical observation facility perform a tense operation of shaving a man’s face. The narrator then states that Personna is the leading company in the manufacturing of surgical blades and the same quality is also implemented its razorblades. 
1238 An advertisement for Peter Pan's Honeycomb-brand bra in which an offscreen female narrator describes the product's Elasto-Net feature and how it improves flexibility and air flow. An animated bee and illustrations of the product appear onscreen as a jingle plays. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1239 An advertisement for Peugeot in which new cars are depicted being test driven around a track after rolling off the assembly line. An offscreen narrator describes how, unlike other car companies, Peugeot test drives each new vehicle. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
1240 An advertisement for Peugeot's 104 car model in which the automobile races down a steep ski slope alongside a human skier. Narration and text in French. Submitted for the Clio Awards International category. 
1241 Two women seek the affection of a man. The woman who used Phase III soap is victorious and she and the man dance together while the woman without Phase III soap sulks.
1242 An advertisement for Phillies Perfecto cigars in which a man enjoys a cigar while interacting with his family in the backyard. Submitted for Clio Awards category Tobacco Products and Supplies.
1243 An advertisement for Piels Beer in which a male voice, accompanied by music, sings a jingle about the product as a woman and man play on the beach while drinking beer as another looks at them jealously. Then a narrator speak about the quality of the product.
1244 An advertisement for Piels Beer featuring the animated characters Bert and Harry, who starred in several Piels commercials from 1955 to 1960 and were voiced by comedians Bob Elliott and Ray Goulding. The ad features Harry pretending to have been struck by an arrow in order to draw audience attention. Bert urges the camera to cut away to live-action footage of the beer being poured. Submitted for the clio Awards. 
1245 An advertisement for Piels Beer in which a jingle plays over shots of people playing baseball, tug-of-war, and volleyball. An offscreen narrator speaks about how the long-lasting head of the product helps seal in its smooth flavor. Submitted for the Clio Awards. 
1246 An advertisement for Piels Beer in which a jingle plays over shots of somebody pouring the beer and preparing a sandwich. An offscreen narrator speaks about how the long-lasting head of the product helps seal in its smooth flavor. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1247 An advertisement for Pillsbury oatmeal cookie dough in which a mother helps her young son put on a shirt, and an offscreen narrator extols Pillsbury dough over close-up shots of it being prepared and baked. A jingle plays as the mother and son eat a plate of cookies together. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1248 An advertisement for Pillsbury pancake mix in which a narrator demonstrates the rising ingredient in the mix as the product cooks on a griddle. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
1249 An advertisement for Pillsbury cake mixes in which close-ups of cake being baked and served are interspersed with split-screen shots of a happy family smiling and eating desserts. An offscreen choir sings a jingle about how "nothing says lovin' like something from the oven." Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1250 An advertisement for Pillsbury all-purpose flour in which two young sisters use the product to bake their mother a cake after she returns from the hospital with a new baby. An offscreen male narrator describes the quality of Pillsbury flour and how it is an option "when only the best will do." Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1251 An advertisement for Pillsbury flour in which a young girl helps bake a pie with her mother as an offscreen male narrator describes how the act of baking helps being mother and daughter together. A jingle plays over shots of the finished pie and mother and daughter presenting the finished bake to the father sitting at the table. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1252 An advertisement for Pillsbury all-purpose flour in which four animated chefs named the "Merry Millers" sing about the quality of the product and present it to CEO "Mr. Pillsbury," who marks it with a stamp of quality. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1253 The commercial switches between footage of a children birthday party and a person making a birthday cake. A male narrator praises Pillsbury cake mix.
1254 An advertisement for Pillsbury popover mix in which an offscreen male narrator describes the product over shots of the mix rising in the oven and the finished bake being pulled apart by a pair of hands. A jingle plays over a shot of the product on display. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1255 An advertisement for Pillsbury packaged chocolate chip cookie dough in which a narrator demonstrates how the product is made and a boy tastes it. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
1256 A woman states that at Plain Value Stores you can receive quality jeans and other products cheaper than at other stores. A leather brand label is cut off a pair of jeans.
1257 A husband complains about going on a family outing because he doesn’t want to carry around used diapers all day. His wife explains that they can use Playtex disposable diapers. A test is conducted showing how Playtex disposable diapers are more absorbent than cloth diapers. 
1258 An advertisement for Playtex Dress-Eez baby pants in which a group of toddlers wear the product as offscreen female voices sing a jingle. An offscreen male narrator describes how Playtex's Air-Flo ventilation allows air in while keeping water out. Submitted for the Clio Awards. 
1259 An advertisement for Playtex Living Gloves in which an offscreen male narrator describes how women in a Good Housekeeping Institute demonstration are able to keep their hands softer while wearing the gloves during cleaning chores. A shot of someone wearing the gloves while playing piano demonstrates the product's flexibility. Finalist for the 1961 Clio Awards.
1260 An advertisement for Playtex Magic Cling Bra in which an offscreen female narrator describes how the new bra stays in place for three cheerleaders performing at a sporting event. A split-screen contrasts the qualities of the Playtex product against an ordinary bra. Finalist for the 1961 Clio Awards. 
1261 An advertisement for Playtex Sarong girdles in which a woman models the product and explains its capabilities. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
1262 A Playworld theme song plays as the commercial shows Playworld toys and cartoon images of children.
1263 An advertisement for Pledge all-purpose cleaner in which an animation of a housewife talks to her husband about Pledge. Then both the husband and wife clean the house while singing a jingle about the product. Jingle and dialogue are in French.
1264 A percussion beat begins the ad as an announcer sets up the reveal of the car and the color grading gets lighter as it comes into frame. Emphasis it put on how this Plymouth is "solid" and a unibody car that offers great economy for a full-sized vehicle, is good on gas saving, easy maintenance, and offers a new speedometer and wheel design. Throughout the ad we see a well-dressed couple in the vehicle and the driver points out some of the new features with his hand as he drives. 
1265 A person in a suit looks to the camera with an audience off-screen while talking about the new Plymouth cars. A man comes onscreen wearing a long coat and talks about road testing all the Plymouth cars and deciding the Fury V-8 was the best one. The man has an accent that's hard to decipher and each time he talks the audience laughs, at some point the presenter has a hard time understanding him too. 
1266 The main Plymouth announcer greets Don Knotts and they perform a small sketch. Knotts jokes about how he likes planning out trips but not going on them, so he's just putting bags in his car. They discuss how the Plymouth is good for 200,000 miles and another man comes in as Knotts and the announcer disappear briefly. The new presenter describes the unibody design and mechanics of the car. There's an audience laugh track for some jokes and applause at the end of the ad. 
1267 Someone in a suit walks in and talks to the audience as he prepares himself to sit down at the piano. He begins playing and singing about Plymouth. A full band joins in and he stops playing and starts singing to camera while snapping his fingers. While he's singing he's in a small screen in the upper left as you see a couple driving around a Plymouth on the full screen. A crowd off-screen applauds him as he ends his song.
1268 An advertisement for the Plymouth 60 sedan in which a couple drives around a countryside singing about how the Plymouth improves upon the common "shake, rattle, and roll" problem of other vehicles on the market with a more solid alignment. The advertisement features a jingle based on the 12-bar blues song "Shake, Rattle, and Roll" by Charles E. Calhoun. Submitted for Clio Awards category Autos.
1269 A man in a suit steps out of a Plymouth car while he's parked next to a ranch-style house. He starts talking about the great features of the car and its solid build when a copy of him walks on screen and argues with the original version talking. His double says that the car is the perfect performance car and they both go back and forth over the unique features and build of the car. The original opens the door for the double who takes a seat in the car. They both say in unison to camera it is Chrysler engineered. 
1270 An advertisement for Polaroid's Square Shooter camera in which a woman reminisces about a visit with her family after they board a bus to leave at the end of their stay. The woman bittersweetly looks through Polaroid photos from the visit as her significant other drives her home from the bus stop. One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
1271 Shows Spanish actress Carmela Balmez as she acts in movies and in the theater. She uses Pond's Cold Cream to protect her skin.
1272 In Madrid, Spain, the actress Carmela Balmez uses Pond's vanishing creme as she dances and acts on camera.
1273 The commercial follows the life of a Swedish actress as she acts in movies, works as a fashion consultant and goes sailing. The actress uses Pond's Cold Creme to protect her skin.
1274 An advertisement for Pond's Angel Face cream makeup in which a female narrator extols how the product maintains beauty no matter the weather. Scenes of a man and woman walking around a foggy city street are interspersed with close-ups of the woman applying the product. Submitted for the Clio Awards. 
1275 An advertisement for Pond's cold cream in which a woman at a ski resort narrates how she thinks men ignore her because of her "dull" skin. The woman describes Pond's "7-Day Beauty Plan," in which she applies the product to her face every night for a week. The ad concludes with the woman attracting a man at a ski slope, while an offscreen narrator extols the product. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1276 A boxing manager and a reporter discuss the features of the Pontiac they are riding in as a boxer runs behind the car. The manger explains how they are guaranteed to win the next fight because he promised the boxer a new Pontiac if he wins. 
1277 A catamaran excellent balance at sea is attributed to its wide frame. This same principle is compared to the Pontiac Catalina design. 
1278 A man is repeatedly convinced to buy worthless cars like a go-cart and an Indy 500 car. Every time he makes a poor purchase a Pontiac will drive by showing the feature he actually wanted. The man and his family eventually buy a Pontiac.
1279 A man picks up a woman from a swimming pool in his Grand Prix. The couple drive the Grand Prix throughout town before arriving at a nighttime beach party.
1280 Three couples go to a costume party in a 61 Catalina Pontiac. The Pontiac is advertised as being large enough for six people with plenty of leg room.
1281 Three couples go to a costume party in a '61 Catalina Pontiac. The Pontiac is advertised as being large enough for six people with plenty of leg room.
1282 A lawyer reads a will to the family of the deceased and each family member receives a Pontiac that suits their lifestyle and needs. The exception was the grandson Axel who was denied his Pontiac until he found a job. The lawyer then explains to Axel how a Pontiac is a good metaphor for leading a productive life.
1283 An advertisement for the 1960 Pontiac automobile in which a spy plots a scheme with her partner to place a bomb in a rival's car, which is revealed at the end to be a test of the partner's loyalty. Submitted for Clio Awards category Autos.
1284 Two steam shovels gossip and complain about the 61 Pontiac. The shovels advertises the benefits of the Pontiac.
1285 The narrator explains how in harness racing the sulky has a wide with to give it balance and that this same principle is applied in Pontiac cars. This point is illustrated by having the Pontiac drive side by side with a sulky. 
1286 An advertisement for a Pontiac Bonneville convertible starring Sir Cedric Hardwicke in which the stage actor orchestrates a scene for the car appealing to an upper class, when a hobo clown character, played by Emmett Kelly, appears and Hardwicke uses him to describe the wide appeal for the car. Submitted for Clio Awards category Autos.
1287 A woman cleans her gleaming car near a cutout that says Midge’s driving school. A man walks onto screen, they are both wearing overcoats and hats, her coat is fur-trimmed. He asks if she is Midge, and the announcer lets us know she teaches driving to men. The man introduces himself as Arthur. He marvels at her car, the Pontiac Bonneville Vista, he starts talking about the car's features. She’s surprised by his knowledge and urges him to continue on, saying that it seems he already knows so much about driving. After he describes all the features and sides of the car she gives him the keys to it. We see them driving around in the car, taking several turns to better illustrate the wide-track wheels stability on curves. We hear the voiceover of Arthur as he describes the vehicle further. He almost goes down a closed off road but Midge screams for him to stop. They are both standing in front of the car with the hood open getting closer and closer as he declares his love for her and her car. He closes the hood and Midge tells him about going somewhere to have dinner and get married the three of them, including the car in her count. They embrace but don’t kiss as we cut to them driving away and the announcer talks about Midge and Arthur’s future. 
1288 A song about the Pontiac Tempest plays as footage of the Tempest driving around town is shown. The Tempest's rear transmission and front engine is advertised as being the reason for the car's smooth ride.  
1289 A cowboy drives a Pontiac Tempest through a wild west town and countryside. The denizens of the wild west admire the Tempest as it passes them.
1290 Teenagers take two Pontiac Tempests and stress test the cars as they drive across the United States and Canada. 
1291 An advertisement for Popi dolls in which an offscreen narrator describes the product over scenes of a teenage girl swapping new hairdos and outfits on her doll. A jingle plays about how Popi can "pop" apart to be fitted with various accessories. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1292 A children chorus of cartoon ghosts sings a jingle about Post’s Alpha-Bits cereal. 
1293 The commercials show boys competing in different sports and eating Post Grape Nut Flakes.
1294 An advertisement for Post Toasties corn cereal in which an ear of corn is shucked to reveal the cereal inside, and it falls into a bowl. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
1295 An advertisement for Pressman's Look and Laff Funhouse Mirror toys in which an offscreen narrator excitedly promotes the product over shots of children at a carnival distorting their faces in the mirrors. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1296 An advertisement for Prestone anti-freeze in which a male narrator introduces a man who is practicing a speech in the mirror. The man goes to his mechanic and insists on Prestone anti-freeze, and not a substitute knock off. The narrator talks about the product and the man turns to the camera and yells, "Prestone Anti-Freeze!"
1297 An advertisement for Prestone Anti-Freeze in which a man interviews Ken Purdy, car expert, outside a racetrack. Ken Purdy calmly talk about the chemical make-up of anti-freeze and the need to drain radiators.
1298 An advertisement for Prestone Anti-Freeze in which a male narrator tells the tale of two neighbors in three acts. One neighbor is a do-it-yourself guy and repeatedly gets things wrong, including trying to replace his anti-freeze. The other neighbor hires a mechanic to replace the fluid correctly as well as checking other issues with the car. In the end the DIY guy learns his lesson.
1299 An advertisement for Prestone anti-freeze in which autumn leaves fall around a can of the product while a narrator asks the viewer not to wait for winter to use it. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
1300 An advertisement for Prestone spray de-icer in which a male narrator alerts viewers to be cautious and use spray de-icer to ensure safety. A police officer hold his hand up, then a woman models how to use the spray de-icer on her frozen car.
1301 A background chorus narrates as a busy woman struggles to complete the house work of cleaning, shopping, and cooking. Prince's Spaghetti Sauce is stated to be the ideal solution for the busy woman as it is pre made sauce ready to eat.
1302 An advertisement for Princess Dial soap in which an offscreen male narrator extols the moisturizing qualities of the product over shots of a woman standing over a sunny beach and applying the soap to her face during a bath. The narrator describes how the soap replenishes face oils lost to dry wind and heat as the camera zooms in on water beads sitting on the woman's cheek after she washes. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1303 An advertisement for Princess Dial soap in which an offscreen male narrator extols the moisturizing qualities of the product over shots of water beads on a fern leaf beside a small pond. The narrator describes how the soap maintains moisture in the face as the camera zooms in on water beads sitting on a woman's cheek after she washes with the soap. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1304 An advertisement for Prophecy perfume by Prince Matchabelli in which a male narrator, accompanied by a chorus and music, describes how "unexpectedly nice things happen" when one wears the product. An animation depicts a Prophecy crown bottle floating around in space, interspersed with images of a crown, jewelry, fur coat, and other luxury items. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1305 An advertisement for Prudential insurance in which an offscreen male narrator describes family insurance options over a scene of a family at an amusement park. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1306 An advertisement for Prudential insurance in which a small boy plays with a toy sailboat in a body of water accompanied by his father. An offscreen male narrator describes the benefits of Prudential plans as the boy and his father walk together in the woods. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1307 An advertisement for Prudential Insurance Company for America in which a narrator discusses automotive safety. Submitted for Clio Awards category Corporate.
1308 As a woman talks on the phone a rat sneaks into a garbage pile by using a telephone wire. An announcer warns the viewers that the only way to stop a rat is to use a garbage can with a lid. 
1309 An advertisement for Pure Magic lipstick by Max Factor in which a grid of close-up shots of women's lips sing a jingle. At the end of the song, the shots of women's lips are replaced by close-up shots of the product on display. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
1310 An advertisement for Purex bleach in which a woman drops the plastic Purex bottle and a glass bottle of a competing brand and demonstrates how the former is shatter-proof. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
1311 An advertisement for Purina Dog Chow in which a dog runs across a field to greet his young owner as he gets off a school bus. An offscreen male narrator describes the balanced nature of Purina diets as the dog enters the house with his owner and eats his food out of a bowl. One of the winners of the 1971 Clio Awards.
1312 An advertisement for Purina dog food that depicts a male hobo sitting on a park bench. A dog jumps onto the bench, drops a can of Purina in his lap, and starts whispering in his ear. The hobo translates for the audience the dog's praise for Purina and opens the can.
1313 A light vegetable oil made from soybeans which does not have an oily taste.
1314 A father struggles to wash his baby until he uses Q-Tips. The father show how durable Q-Tips are as well as how Q-tips can be used to delicately wash a baby. 
1315 An advertisement for Qantas Airlines in which a man addresses the camera about his various travel ambitions as he visibly ages across several time lapse dissolves. An offscreen narrator discusses how Qantas makes one's "some day" travel plans possible today. One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
1316 Rambler "The Eye": A spotlight shines on a Volkswagen as an announcer reveals that the Volkswagen appearance has remain unchanged for ten years while internally it has been constantly improved. 
Mercury Monterey "Big Boots":A cowboy uses his Mercury Monterey to help other cowboys corral a herd of horses into a pin.
1317 An advertisement for a Ramble automobile featuring a call and response jingle between a narrator and actors describing the model's functionalities. Submitted for Clio Awards category Autos.
1318 We see a man with a microphone like a news reporter standing next to the entrance of a building in a shirt, tie, gloves, and thick overcoat. Condensation comes out of his mouth as he talks. He starts talking about how we’re in Kenosha, Wisconsin at a Rambler plant. We see the backs of workers who are coming in through the entrance. We see inside the factory as he continues to talk about the facility. There’s cars on the supply line being worked on and driven forward. Rambler cars come out in a line out of two garage doors. There are ramblers on transportation rigs. The announcer says that there are Ramblers constantly being made to suit the demand. Cutting back to the announcer in front of the building he points to a plaque next to him that says “Build Every Rambler As Though You Were Going To Own It Yourself”. 
1319 An advertisement for the Rambler American sedan in which a narrator describes the car's features to two laypeople, impressing them with the price, gas mileage, resale value, and rustproofing. Submitted for Clio Awards category Autos.
1320 An advertisement for Rambler cars in which a male narrator speaks about the manufacture and sales of Rambler automobiles as footage of car construction, transportation, and sales rooms are seen. The advertisement ends with a man speaking in front of the American Motors (Canada) Limited offices. Narrations and dialogue are in French.
1321 An advertisement for Randcraft men's shoes in which a jingle plays over close-up shots of the product being worn during a shoeshine, inside a car, and at a dance hall. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1322 An advertisement for Rapid Cement in which the fast-drying cement is poured into a balloon while an offscreen male narrator describes the product. The balloon pops, revealing that the cement inside has fully hardened. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
1323 An advertisement for Rayco Auto seat covers in which male and female voices sing a jingle about the product over animation and live-action images. A male narrator talks about the various styles of the product and its affordability.
1324 An advertisement for Rayco auto repair in which a man frustratedly pushes his car off a cliff. Slow-motion shots of the car's fall and wreck play as an offscreen male narrator describes the common frustrations of car repairs and how Rayco actually fixes what they promise to fix. One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
1325 An advertisement for Rayco auto seat covers in which a narrator describes the process by which the products are designed, manufactured, and disbursed to the consumer. Submitted for Clio Awards category Corporate.
1326 An advertisement for Rayco Vinyl Seat Covers in which singers spell out the work VINYL as letters appear on the screen. A male narrator explains that vinysan is vinyl. Then as singers sing a jingle about the product, various images of cars and clear vinyl seat covers are pictured.
1327 An advertisement for Rayco convertible tops in which a male narrator asks over and over again, "Why vinyl?" Answering his question voices sing the answers. Mechanics are seen installing a convertible top. Finally the singers sing a jingle.
1328 An advertisement for Rayco mufflers in which singers sing about the various types of car that can be outfitted with Rayco mufflers. A male narrator then explains that Rayco mufflers have a guarantee. Then the singers finish the advertisement with a jingle.
1329 An advertisement for Rayco Auto seat covers in which male and female voices sing a jingle about the product over animation and live-action images are displayed. A male narrator talks about the various styles of the product and its affordability.
1330 An advertisement for Rayco Shock Absorbers in which a male narrator describes a shock test on a Rayco test track. A driver drives around as the car swerves. Then the car's shock absorbers are replaced and the car drive smoothly. The advertisement ends with a jingle.
1331 An advertisement for RCA televisions in which stop motion animation depicts a story, as told in a letter to the RCA company, of a woman's house that was hit by a tornado. In her narration the woman tells of her TV and how it sat in the mud for eight days. After it was taken to the repair shop, it still worked. The male narrator then extols about the quality and security of RCA components.
1332 An advertisement for RCA Victor stereo in which a male narrator, accompanied by music, talks about the wall-to-wall quality sound design for the new 1960 RCA stereo unit. The inside speakers of the stereo are pictures as different sides of a room are constructed around them to highlight that the new stereo's sound will fill an entire room.
1333 An advertisement for various RCA products including RCA television sets in which a male narrator discusses the various RCA products as a toy train moves around a Christmas display in a storefront window. Advertisement begins and ends with a female voice singing an RCA Christmas jingle.
1334 An advertisement for Red Ball Jets sneakers in which an animated boy wearing the shoes outruns and out-jumps his dog as a jingle plays. An offscreen male narrator describes the shoes while a pair of live-action hands displays them. The narrator urges viewers to ask about contests to win a variety of prizes at their local Red Ball Jets shoe store. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1335 An advertisement for Red Ball Jets shoes in which an animated boy demonstrates his ability to jump high while wearing the shoes and a narrator describes the product's specifications. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
1336 An advertisement for Red Band flour in which a man interviews a couple on hidden camera at a grocery store about their choice of flour brand. The couple tells the interviewer why they prefer Red Band and refuse his offer of a cheaper flour. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1337 Footage is shown for a violent hurricane. A narrator states how thousand of New Yorkers are impacted by hurricanes every. However, the New Yorkers are able to get back on their feet because of the aid given by the New York Red Cross. The commercial concludes with the narrator asking for donation for the New York Red Cross. 
1338 An advertisement for Remco's B-52 Ball Turret Gun toy in which an offscreen narrator describes the features and accessories of the product over stock footage of a B-52 plane and shots of a young boy "firing" the toy gun. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1339 An advertisement for Remco's Fascination electric maze race game, in which a jingle set to the tune of the song "Alouette" plays over shots of two children playing the game. An offscreen narrator enthusiastically praises the product and the game box dances around in a stop-motion animated sequence. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1340 An advertisement for Remco's Johnny Reb Civil War toy cannons in which a jingle (set to the tune of "When Johnny Comes Marching Home") plays over scenes of young children in Confederate uniforms firing cannons at Union soldiers during a play Civil War re-enactment. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1341 An advertisement for Remco's Little Red Spinning Wheel toy in which an offscreen female vocalist sings a jingle and a male narrator extols the benefits of the product over shots of a little girl using the spinning wheel to make hats and bags. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1342 An advertisement for Remco's science kit line for kids in which an offscreen narrator describes the variety of kits on offer and promotes them as "the thinking boy's toy" over shots of children conducting experiments. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1343 An advertisement for Remco's Frogman diver toy in which a narrator, purporting to be the voice of the toy, recounts an underwater dive and highlights his various features and accessories. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1344 An entire college fraternity is given Remington Electric Shavers. The entire fraternity begins to shave with the electric shaver and the narrator states that only five members wanted to go back to using a razor blade.   
1345 A man is shown shaving with different razors throughout his life. All these razors had a problem and didn’t give him a clean shave. When he is an old man, he finally finds the perfect razor, the Remington Safety Shaver which gives him the perfect shave he has been looking for his entire life. 
1346 A city is full of men with the same face. A narrator states that in a city like this people would only need one razor however in the real-world men need different razors sizes. The narrator then goes on to explain how the Remington Safety Razor is designed to be flexible and used in any shaving situation. 
1347 A man shaves his face with a Remington electric shaver while a narrator explains how to use the razors and how the shaver will eliminate five o’clock shadows. 
1348 Closeup shots of a man shaving with a Remington electric shaver are shown along with shots highlighting the dial and the different shaving settings. A narrator explains the qualities of the razor. 
1349  A variety of men are shown using the Remington electric shaver as a narrator explains the benefit of using the product. 
1350 A man shaves with a Remington electric shaver while a song about the shaver is sung in the background. 
1351 A cartoon wakes up to an alarm gets dressed and ready for work. Goes down the stairs and kisses his children and wife before zooming off in a car. She tells the audience he's been this way since they got the Renault Dauphine. We end with him zooming further away in his car. They have a moderated version of Orpheus's Cancan in the background of the ad. 
1352 Renault Dauphine "Alarm (20 sec)" - A cartoon wakes up to an alarm gets dressed and ready for work. Goes down the stairs and kisses his children and wife before zooming off in a car. She tells the audience he's been this way since they got the Renault Dauphine. We end with him zooming further away in his car. They have a moderated version of Orpheus's Cancan in the background of the ad. 

Renault Dauphine "Alarm (60 sec)" - A man in a classic suit with tales smokes a cigar as he walks around and shows the features of the car while a woman also shows the front trunk off. He demonstrates the country versus city horn and shows the sun roof as well as engine in the back. 

1353 The Dauphine is called a "winter wonder car" as it drives around snowy mountain ranges. It drives through snow-covered forests as the announcer talks about how it's the official car of the Winter Olympics. Skiers go around it as it stops at the bottom of a skiing slope. The price is listed and the announcer talks about what mechanically makes it a good car for winter driving. 
1354 A couple are shown in one-second photos as they react to a very bumpy ride. Then they are shown in a much smoother, calmer state as they sit together and a Dauphin is imposed over their images with them both inside. An announcer talks about how the Dauphine is built in a solid piece which reduces bumpiness. He talks as we see the car going over many different kinds of hills and rough terrains. At the end the announcer admonishes the woman for falling asleep in the car seat during the ad. The price of the vehicle is mentioned at port of entry on the east coast.
1355 We see the car drive by someone and their child sledding with dogs in a winter landscape. The announcer talks about how the rear engine drives the rear wheels directly which helps the car get through snow, slush, and mud. It is mentioned several times that this is the official car of the 1960 Winter Olympics. The car is priced at $1645 at Port of Entry on the east coast in the final part of the ad. 
1356 An advertisement for the Renault Dauphine automobile in which a family of four travels to the beach and explores the car's functionalities. Submitted for Clio Awards category Autos.
1357 An advertisement for a Renault automobile in which an animated woman asks her husband for the keys to his Renault, to which he replies that they should trade her car in for another Renault. Submitted for Clio Awards category Autos.
1358 We are eye-level with a poodle as the woman holding it turns in heels and we see her as she walks down a street. She's wearing all black and is dressed very fashionably. A man comes out of a building and looks after her describing her looks before telling us he's talking about his Renault Dauphine. We see him driving it around the town and in muddy and rougher terrain as we hear his voice describe all the benefits of the car. He compares the car to a Grand Prix winner and mentions how his Welsh ancestry appreciates the thriftiness of the car. He's on the street we first saw him on at the end of the ad standing next to his car, the woman we saw before walks by in the opposite direction. He again starts to talk about what we assume is her appearance when he confirms once more he's talking about the car. 
1359 An advertisement for a Renault Dauphine automobile in which a car dealer takes a prospective customer on a demonstration of the model's functionalities. Submitted for Clio Awards category Autos.
1360 A woman drops off her husband at the train station in a Renault Dauphine. The announcer addressing girls says that this car makes driving fun again. We then see her at the grocery store fitting into a small parking spot in her car and we cut to her picking up her daughter in front of school. She uses her breaks to stop for kids crossing the street and drives with a smile on her face down a road empty of other cars. The announcer talks about the benefits of the car as she drives around and parks again. Her daughter gets out of the car and onto the sidewalk smiling. The woman in the driver's seat is parked and reading a book when someone above puts a briefcase in front of her. She looks up and we see through the sunroof her husband is back from his trip. He has a hat and suit on. She takes his briefcase to put into the backseat and then moves to the passenger seat as he gets into the front seat of the car. We see the Renault Dauphine name over a sketch of America. 
1361 Ray Milland strolls down some steps and stops to buy a rose in French from a woman with a flower stand. He gives the rose to her and then walks over to his car. He describes the car in voice over as it drives it around the city with cobbled and flat streets. The place he's driving it in is meant to be France as everyone is wearing berets, carrying baguettes, and there's beautiful old architecture. He says some French phrases several times in the ad. 
1362 A family composed of two parents and two children exit a building in winter gear as we see high piles of snow all around them. They all get into a Renault Dauphine parked just in front of the building. We see the car drive off as they sound off both horns. The car drives by a full open carriage of people led by two horses. The announcer talks about the back wheel drive, how the car can turn on even in zero degree weather, and how the water cooled engine helps provide heat to passengers. The family drives by a sign saying North Pole, NY and they stop in a small village all getting out of the car. The price is listed and the Renault logo is shown with a dusting of snow on it. 
1363 Someone in a hammock is roused awake by the announcer and they fall in scattered pictures of their fall to the ground. They respond to all of the announcer's words about the Renault. We see all the features the car has that are offered at no extra cost. Price given as $1645 at port of entry on the east coast and the thriftiness of the car is indicated a few times.
1364 An advertisement for Republic National Bank of Dallas in which the viewer is guided through the bank's spaces and services. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
1365 A man walks through a field and encounters early 1900s whacky inventions such as homemade glider and bathtub raft.  The man gets in the bathtub raft and washes his hair with Resdan. Throughout the commercial a jingle is sung about how Resdan removes dandruff. 
1366 The advertisement starts with a woman reaching for a bottle of Aquamarine Lotion on a lily pad. Next a woman conducts a blotted test which shows how a competing brand is sticky and greasy while Aquamarine is not.
1367 Women dress as different colors of lipsticks while dancing in a lipstick box. The opening and closing scenes are of a woman dancing as the color filter changes.
1368 An advertisement for Revlon lipsticks and nail enamels in which a female narrator lists ten new product colors. Women pose in recreational and intimate settings while the narrator describes how the product colors match the mood of different situations. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1369 An advertisement for the Revlon Fabulash eyelash lengthener and mascara in which a woman in a black trench coat addresses the camera, describing the product and how women can use it as a "secret weapon" to conquer the world with their eyelashes. Submitted for the Clio Awards. 
1370 A woman dances to Spanish music in Spain. The narrator highlights how her red Flana Grande lipstick can be seen by everyone. The commercial then transitions to the woman at a formal party explaining how the fashion designer Balenciaga made a line of ballgowns to go with the Flana Grande lipstick.
1371 Shows several women traveling through Paris wearing Revlon Love-Pat as men admire them.
1372 A man and a woman kiss in a mansion and there are periodical shots of a blindfolded gold angel. The advertisement ends with a shot of Revlon intimate perfume.
1373 A French man and woman stare at each other in an extravagant theater before the woman pulls out her petit compact. Another woman says that Petite is the compact you refill because the case is too beautiful to throw away.
1374 An advertisement for Revlon Touch & Glow liquid makeup in which a male narrator, accompanied by music, explains how the moisturizing qualities of the product give the user a "fresh dewy look." The scene depicts a well-dressed man and woman walking around New York City in the early morning. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1375 A man and woman are on a midnight date by a pond. The woman's glowing complexion is attributed to Revlon Touch and Glow makeup.
1376 An advertisement for Revlon Hi & Dri deodorant in which an offscreen male narrator describes how the product is fortified with the antibiotic neomycin to kill odor-causing bacteria on the skin. Accompanying the narration are shots of microscopic skin bacteria and a profile of a woman's face. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1377 An advertisement for Revlon Touch & Glow liquid makeup in which a male narrator and then a female narrator speak of how the product enhances complexion. A man and woman drink champagne by candlelight in a moonlit garden while some matching Revlon Touch & Glow products are featured. Submitted for the Clio Awards. 
1378 An advertisement for Rexall in which a male narrator, accompanied by music, describes Morning Mist lipsticks and Golden Guardian cases, which are displayed by a woman in a lush lagoon setting. At the end of the advertisement a woman sings a Rexall jingle. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1379 Rex Marshall tells the audience how electricity is the next step in the evolution of convenience. Marshall also mentions that Reynolds aluminum can be found in electrical appliances featured during National Electrical Week.
1380 An advertisement for Rheingold Beer in which a male narrator speaks about the "extra dry" beer as a duck hunter enjoys the outdoors and a few beer with friends in a cabin. A male and female voice, accompanied by music, sing a jingle about Rheingold.
1381 An advertisement for Rheingold Beer in which singer Johnny Desmond sings a version of the song "Let's Do It, Let's Fall in Love" depicting the beer as a perfect accompaniment to a variety of casual and formal food activities. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1382 An advertisement for Rheingold Beer in which actor/singer Bert Parks sings a version of the song "Let's Do It, Let's Fall in Love" depicting the beer as a perfect accompaniment to a variety of recreational food activities. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1383 An advertisement for Rheingold Beer in which singer Tony Bennett sings a version of the song "Let's Do It, Let's Fall in Love" depicting the beer as a perfect accompaniment to a variety of food activities. Submitted for the Clio Awards. 
1384 An advertisement for Riceland Rice packaged foods in which an animated child eats the product with a dragon and an adult figure. The characters exhibit stereotypes associated with Chinese peoples. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
1385 Firefighters scramble to reach the Fire Chief’s house to give him his Right Guard deodorant before he finish his shower. 
1386 After not finding any Right Guard deodorant at her grandma’s house a teenager explains to her grandma what Right Guard is and that her entire family uses the same can of deodorant. The commercial ends with the grandma getting with the times and buying her own can of Right Guard. 
1387 Right Guard Deodorant "Locker Room" - A man in a locker room asks to borrow some Right Guard Deodorant. Everybody in the locker room scrambles to give him their can of Right Guard Deodorant. 
Mennen Deodorant "Tension" - Two men are in a deadlock arm wrestle while a narrator states that a man should used Mennen deodorants for the tension and exertion that are common in a man’s life.
1388 A mother chastises her daughter for not having Right Guard deodorant in her house. The daughter corrects her mother by showing her the new Decorated Right Guard she has in her medicine cabinet.
1389 A bank robber talks about how Right Guards Deodorant Soap gives him the confidence he needs to rob a bank.
1390 A pilot is demoted after it is discovered that he left his family defenseless when he took the family can of Right Guard spray deodorant.  
1391 A football player gets chewed out by his coach, team, and wife for leaving his family defenseless when he took the family can of Right Guard deodorant with him to the locker room. 
1392 An advertisement for Ritz packaged crackers in which a group of foods with animated faces wish to be paired with the product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
1393 An advertisement for Nabiso Ritz packaged crackers in which a song plays about how the product can be paired with any food. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
1394 An advertisement for Ritz Crackers in which a woman marches to the store to buy the product while a song plays. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
1395 An advertisement for Ritz crackers in which an animation of the brand logo consumes a package of sardines. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
1396 Blocks with letters on them come on screen. They spell out ‘Mighty Satisfying’ from above, but on the right they say ‘Rocket Oldsmobile’. Each of the sides open up like a door to show a tiny car inside. Each of the cars comes out with a driver. All of this is accompanied by musical cues. A woman in a majorette costume appears with a baton in one hand, she blows a whistle. She starts walking and doing a routine with her baton as she walks across a line of Oldsmobiles that are pulling up next to her. An announcer introduces the Oldsmobile. She twirls the baton and points, we then see the cars in the lineup start to drive forward. She continues to march as the cards advance from behind her, they split off into two groups making room for her to continue dancing in the middle. We see the cars continuing to drive in formation. She marches between them more and then they start to crisscross each other before driving in a circle around her. We see the cars back in their square letter boxes and the doors close to each as the ad ends. 
1397 An advertisement for Roman frozen ravioli in which a husband argues with his wife about wanting fresh ravioli like his mother made, and the wife replies that the Roman brand frozen version is of the same quality. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
1398 An advertisement for Romper Room Children's Shoes in which an animated shoemaker has trouble selling shoes until he finds four bees making Romper Room shoes and he sells the whole stock. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
1399 An advertisement for a Ronson Adonis lighters in which a woman buys the product for her husband. Submitted for Clio Awards category Tobacco Products and Supplies.
1400 An advertisement for Ronson table lighters in which American fashion designer Anne Fogarty describes various models of table lighters for a program called "Room to Room with Ronson." Submitted for Clio Awards category Tobacco Products and Supplies.
1401 An advertisement for Ronson Can-Do electric can opener in which a narrator describes everything the product can do to the tune of "The Twelve Days of Christmas." Submitted for Clio Awards.
1402 An advertisement for Ronson Roto-Shine electric shoe polisher in which a narrator describes the product and actors demonstrate it. Submitted for Clio Awards.
1403 A man drives a Rooters car in a tank convoy through a battlefield. 
1404 An advertisement for Round the Clock stockings in which a model puts on the product while the camera moves slowly up her leg, and a narrator describes the brand's record keeping practice to help fit customers with the right size. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
1405 A narrator explains how you can take and eat Coffee Crisps anywhere you go. 
1406 An advertisement for Smarties candy in which a male narrator accompanied by rock n roll music describes the product as images of the candy being produced in the factory are displayed.
1407 An advertisement for Royal Crown (RC) Cola in which a couple drinks the product while lounging on a bear rug in front of a fireplace in their living room. The couple begins to suspect that the rug is also drinking the cola when a bottle mysteriously becomes empty. An offscreen choir sings a jingle over shots of the product being poured into a glass and sitting in a bowl of ice. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1408 An advertisement for Royal Prince Yams canned foods in which an animated woman opens her "bag of tricks" to find the product and a jazz clarinet soundtrack plays. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
1409 An advertisement for Ry-Krisp packaged rye crackers in which animated characters sing about the product with costumes and music inspired by the 1920s. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
1410 A family chants "We are saving 600 bucks," as they use a Ryder rental truck to move into their new house.
1411 A variety of different candles are shown as a narrator state how cancer does not discriminate between class or race. The commercial concludes with the narrator stating that cancer treatment is available at the Southern California Cancer Center and asking for donations. 
1412 An advertisement for Johnson's Holiday Car Washing Cream in which a male narrator talks about the product as a man cleans his car. At first the man struggles with a hose and has to change his clothes. But he only has to use a bucket of water and a sponge with Holiday. The narrator says the shine looks a foot deep as a man place a ruler on the car to measure it's reflection. 
1413 An advertisement for J-Wax car wax in which a male narrator talk about the product's ability to protect the body of cars that sit outside. A woman enters a shopping mall during a rainstorm as her car sits outside. Then a man puts J-wax cream on his car outside in front of his suburban home.
1414 An advertisement for S.O.S. Interwoven Soap Pads in which a woman demonstrates the soap that is contained in the product. Submitted for Clio Awards.
1415 Opens with a shot of the Egyptian Sphinx and the narrator states that Saff-o-life Safflower oil is said to have come from a secret centuries old. The narrator states how Saff-o-life oil is superior to other vegetable oils as the camera pans over several oil based dishes.
1421 Wealthy people wait in a luxurious room waiting for the new Saks Fifth Avenue to open in Pittsburg.
1422 An advertisement for Salada Tea in which a person is shown sleeping and a narrator says the product will not keep you awake. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
1423 An advertisement for Salada tea in which a door-to-door coffee salesman has doors repeatedly slam in his face as he begins his product pitch. The man sits at his car between sales to drink some Salada, which he says is a reprieve from a whole morning of coffee drinking. An offscreen narrator states that Salada is the "coffee drinker's tea." One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
1424 An advertisement for Samsonite's Saturn II suitcase in which the suitcase withstands abuse by a pack of circus elephants that step on it, sit on it, and throw it around. Narration and text in French. Submitted for the Clio Awards International category. 
1425 A man sets off a fire alarm. When the firemen arrive the man request tickets for the fireman’s ball. After receiving his ticket from the fireman, the man is then told he could win a trip around the world for going to the ball. The man then imagines going on worldwide trip. 
1426 An advertisement for the San Francisco Police Department featuring a policeman speaking to the camera about his sworn duties, juxtaposed against scenes of officers doing crowd control at a street protest. An offscreen male narrator says "Your first year as a San Francisco cop, you'll make over $11,000 and you'll earn every cent" over a still image of a protester yelling at a policeman. One of the winners of the 1971 Clio Awards.
1427 An advertisement for Savage Seniors men's shoes in which a teenage boy and girl dance along a city street in inverted colors as a jingle plays. An offscreen male narrator describes the qualities of the product as the boy tries on the Savage shoes inside a shoe store. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1428 A baby is given a bath using Baby’s Own soap. 
1429 A young couple, a middle age woman, and a wealthy couple all enjoyed the new Saxon wall paper they had put up in their homes.
1430 An advertisement for Schaefer Beer in which a jazz band plays music and  musicians are filmed in various creative angles. Then four-piece group of male singers sing a Schaefer Beer jingle. 
1431 An advertisement for Schaefer Beer in which a male store clerk stand behind a stack of Shaefer 6-packs. He stacks the beer while talking about how popular the product is while slowly stacking high enough that he can't be seen.
1432 An advertisement for Schaefer Beer in which an animated talking dog pulls up to a bar top and orders a beer. The bartender is baffled while the other men at the bar seem unsurprised, expressing the sentiment that, of course the dog would order Schaefer.
1433 An advertisement for Schaefer Beer in which people drink the product while riding catamarans in the ocean.
1434 An advertisement for Schaefer Beer in which people drink the product after riding horseback through the woods.
1435 An advertisement for Schaefer beer in which a jingle plays over scenes of people hang gliding and drinking the product together following their flights. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
1436 An advertisement for Schaefer Beer in which a mechanical toy displays the brand logo.
1437 An advertisement for Schaefer Beer in which people drink the product while playing indoor paddle tennis.
1438 An advertisement for Schaefer Beer in which animated characters in a street parade sing about how the product remains pleasurable to drink even after more than one beer. Submitted for the Clio Awards. 
1439 An advertisement for Schaefer beer in which a grocery store clerk stacks six-pack boxes of Schaefer while talking about how much his customers love the product. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1440 An advertisement for Schaefer in which U.S. football players are shown training intensely on a field. An offscreen male narrator says that the players are building up a "more than one beer thirst" that only Schaefer beer can satisfy. Close-ups of the beer being poured intersperse with shots of the players and a male chorus sings a jingle. One of the winners of the 1971 Clio Awards. 
1441 An advertisement for Shlitz Beer in which a man puts up a poster for Shlitz on the side of a building. Another man in a Chaplin-esque costume walks but and then puts a plunger with a tap on the poster. He opens the tap and pours a beer from the poster for both himself and the worker. A female voice sings a jingle and a male narrator talks about the product.
1442 An Italian advertisement for Schlitz Beer in which a truck driver at a beer factory accidentally breaks an outside pipe, causing beer to begin spraying onto the street. Workers initially try to contain the leak before beginning to drink and party around it while holding mugs. Large crowds of people from the surrounding community begin to join. One of the winners of the 1971 Clio Awards.
1443 An advertisement for Schlitz beer in which friends at a backyard barbecue casually chat while drinking cans of Schlitz. An offscreen narrator speaks about how Schlitz is the beer "with a difference." Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1444 An advertisement for Schlitz beer in which men sitting at a bar casually chat while drinking bottles of Schlitz. An offscreen narrator speaks about how Schlitz is the beer "with a difference." Submitted for the Clio Awards. 
1445 An advertisement for Schlitz beer in which friends in a basement playroom casually chat and play table tennis while drinking cans of Schlitz. An offscreen narrator speaks about how Schlitz is the beer "with a difference." Submitted for the Clio Awards. 
1446 An advertisement for Schmidt beer in which men in a bar blow on the top of product's the bottle to create tones.
1447 An advertisement for Schmidt Beer in which a group of men are working on an oil rig while a jingle, called "Schmidt Country," is sung in a male voice. Then the men sit at a bar counter as a bartender slides them beers down the countertop.
1448 An advertisement for Schmidt’s beer in which a male narrator discusses the product as a group of happy people celebrate the grand opening of a new bar. The advertisement ends with a Schmidt's jingle.
1449 An advertisement for Schmidt's beer in which a blindfolded man praises the qualities of Coors beer, not realizing that he is actually drinking Schmidt's. An offscreen narrator states that when editors at the Philadelphia Inquirer set out to write about how good Coors tastes, they actually found out how good Schmidt's tastes instead. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
1450 An advertisement for Scholl anti-perspirant foot spray in which a man aboard a stagecoach removes his boots to show them to a flirtatious woman, only to have his foot odor repel all the other passengers from the coach. An offscreen male narrator describes the features of the spray over close-up shots of the product. One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
1451 An advertisement for Schweppes dry ginger ale in which a man and woman seductively discuss the bubbly and thirst-quenching properties of the product offscreen as a bottle is poured into a glass in close-up. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1452 An advertisement for Schweppes Tonic Water in which two men at a dinner table use Schweppes bottles as stand-ins for soldiers in a miniature battle reenactment. The ad costars Schweppes president Edward Whitehead, who appeared in several of his company's campaigns in the 1950s and 1960s. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1453 An advertisement for Schweppes Tonic in which two upper-class British men in a gentlemen's club discuss the refreshing qualities of the product as they sit and read. A third man continually seems to shush them before revealing that he was actually trying to order more "Shhh-weppes." Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1454 An advertisement for Schweppes Tonic Water in which a man on a train tries to talk about the product in French with a French woman sitting across from him before realizing that she also understands English. The ad stars Schweppes president Edward Whitehead, who appeared in several of his company's campaigns in the 1950s and 1960s. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1455 An advertisement for Score men's hair gel in which a man and a woman are in a bathroom in the morning. The woman shows the man the difference between two different hair gels, one creamy and white the other clear and smooth. the commercial ends with a male narrator talking about the product's natural appearance. Dialogue and narration are in French.
1456 As Hercules is being pulled apart by chariots, he contemplates that he needs a manly deodorant like Score Deodorant to fulfill his daily needs.  
1457 A man lamenting his dry hair walks alone along the beach. As soon as he puts some Score in his hair a swarm of women appear to accompany him. 
1458 A rock musician named Johnny Evans sings about the benefits of Score hair conditioner. As he sings, he is shown using the hair conditioner and having multiple different hair styles. 
1459 A narrator explains how Score hair gel can be use by anyone for any hair style. As the narrator speaks shots of men with different hair styles are shown.
1460 An advertisement for Scotchguard rain repeller in which a narrator compares a raincoat treated with Scotchguard to another that was dry cleaned, and the latter is soaked in rain water. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
1461 An advertisement for Sea Pak frozen shrimp in which a couple dines on the product and a narrator describes how it is made. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
1462 An advertisement for Seabrook Farms packaged foods in which a woman performs is freed from the captivity of her home stove with the help of the brand's prepared vegetables. The advertisement is made in the style of early 20th century silent films. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
1463 A narrator explains how there have been over a billion scoops of Sealtest Cherry Nugget Ice Cream because of the ingredients and the secret recipe used in making the ice cream.
1464 An advertisement for Sealtest Double Strawberry ice cream in which animated children play like they are in the army and move to find the product.
1465 An advertisement for Sealtest ice cream in which a woman tastes the brand product thinking it's from a specialty parlor and is surprised to learn it's Sealtest.
1466 An advertisement for Sealtest ice cream in which a woman tastes the brand product thinking it's from a specialty parlor and is surprised to learn it's Sealtest.
1467 An advertisement for Sealtest Old Fashioned Peach ice cream in which two narrators discuss the product over an animation of a peach.
1468 A man and woman sing "add the magic touch" while showing Sealtest Dip'N Dressing on different foods.
1469 Advertisement for Seltest submitted as a 1969 entry in the Children's Audience category of the Clio Awards.
1470 A cartoon Kathy transitions into a real life girl as she opens her closet full of pajamas and nightgowns. After Kathy goes to bed it transitions back to the cartoon version and advertise Sears discounts on pajamas products.
1471 A baby flounders as a narrator talks about all the baby products available at Sears.
1472 People in a country/farm setting prance and model their Thumb-Up Jeans.
1473 Sears water friendly children shirts durability is shown as dolphins wearing the shirts perform tricks in a lake.
1474 The residents of Anchorage Alaska explain that they use Sears Die Hard car batteries because they don't fail during Alaska's cold winters.
1475 Women and men pose in a quarry as Rodin's "The Thinker" statue. They ponder the quality of Sears' jeans.
1476 Professional golfer, Johnny Miller, walks towards the camera wearing his own line of clothes. When he reaches the camera he starts the same process over again wearing different clothes from his line.
1477 An advertisement for Sergeant's flea collars featuring a dog named Barney who wears the flea-killing collar while herding sheep. An offscreen male narrator describes how the collar keeps Barney's mind "on sheep and off fleas." One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
1478 An advertisement for Sheaffer pens in which a girl asks a performer for an autograph and when he tries to take her pen, she kicks him to get it back. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
1479 An advertisement for Shell Oil in which a researcher stands in a body of water and demonstrates some of the company's methods for oil spill containment and clean-up. The researcher and an offscreen male narrator claim that Shell prioritizes preventing spills so that such containment methods never need to be used. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1480 An advertisement for Shield deodorant soap in which an offscreen male narrator describes the anti-bacterial and refreshing properties of the soap over shots of a woman applying it to her body and the product sitting with a set of jars. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1481 Shulton "Desert Flower Perfume":  A Christmas commercial for desert flower perfume which shows a women posing with the perfume while a jingle is sung in the background.
Helene Curtis "Tender Touch": A jingle is sung in the background while showing a woman bathing with Helene Curtis Tender Touch, dry skin bath oil.
1482 As a man applies Teak Cologne to himself footage of him spending time with his girlfriend and him throwing a discus are projected onto his body. 
1483 A man is working in a cramped cluttered office when a janitor squeezes in the door, drops off cleaning supplies, and then turns out the light. The commercial transitions to a show-reel of Silver Office furniture that could renovate any office.
1484 An advertisement for Sinclair heating oil products in which a narrator describes the company's contribution to various American industries, including aircrafts, navy, and railroads. Submitted for Clio Awards category Corporate.
1485 An advertisement for Skin Mist deodorant bars in which a woman walking by a pond in a forest pauses to imagine a man sweeping her off her feet and caressing her face. An offscreen male narrator describes how the product makes women's skin soft and desirable. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1486 Marvin the elephant eats peanuts in bed. Marvin’s wife unable to sleep introduce Marvin to Skippy Peanut Butter. At first Marvin is skeptical but after tasting the peanut butter he finds that he loves the taste.
1487 An advertisement for Softique Beauty Bath Oil in which a young woman takes a 40-minute bath using the product while two older relatives outside the bathroom voice discuss whether she is drying out her skin from spending too long in the tub. An offscreen male narrator describes the moisturizing qualities of the product. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1488 An advertisement for a Plymouth automobile in which a man tells a live audience about his favorite features of his Plymouth and uses a prosthetic sixth finger as a joke. Submitted for Clio Awards category Autos.
1489 An advertisement for Sony cassette recorders in which a waiter tucks the product in his pocket to record orders from customers at a noisy table. An offscreen male narrator describes the features of the recorder as the waiter places the product in the kitchen for the chefs to playback the orders. A woman at the table claims that her order is incorrect, prompting the waiter to begin playing her audio on the recorder back to her. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
1490 An advertisement for Southeast Bank featuring footage of U.S. football players Howard Twilley and Paul Warfield being tackled during games while an offscreen male narrator talks about how they keep their hard-earned money at Southeast Bank. A white-collar worker in an office setting is also tackled by a coworker as the narrator argues how viewers should keep their own hard-earned money at Southeast. One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
1491 An advertisement for Southern Airways in which a man on an airplane receives scowling expressions from first-class passengers as he walks back to the second-class cabin. An offscreen male narrator describes how "nobody's second class" on Southern Airlines over scenes of the man comfortably boarding a flight. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
1492 An advertisement for Southern Airways in which a man on an airplane walks from an upper-class lobster feast in first-class into a destitute refugee camp in coach. An offscreen male narrator describes how "nobody's second class" on Southern Airlines over scenes of the man comfortably boarding a flight. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
1493 A quartet sings about how Ford has changed. 
1494 An advertisement for Southern California Ford Dealers that depicts a quartet of singers made up of three men and one woman. They harmonize to sing "Ford has changed..." over and over again; the jingle ends with the woman singing a solo, but her voice turns out to be a very deep bass.
1495 An advertisement for Southern California Ford Dealers that depicts an actor and a male director on set rehearsing the line, "The '64 Fords are stronger, smoother, and steadier," a few times with direction. When the actor is left to do an official take on his own he flubs his line to comic effect.
1496 An advertisement for Southern California Ford Dealers with background music. The scene depicts a medium shot of a man smoking a cigarette who addresses the camera and says, "Take it from me, the '64 Ford has really changed."
1497 An advertisement for Spic and Span cleaner narrated by a man who is accompanied by music. The scene depicts a young janitor attempting to mop a hallway using a liquid cleaner. An older janitor gives him some Spic and Span and he is then able to clean the floor well. The scene ends with a close-up of the product as the narrator says, "Spic and Span, the big job cleaner, gets the dirt liquid cleaners leave behind."
1498 An advertisement for Spree deodorant soap in which a man and woman ride a motorcycle and frolic across a beach as a jingle plays. An offscreen male narrator extols the deodorizing properties of the product over images of a woman showering. The narrator describes a lab experiment where Spree was shown to provide a greater layer of protection than standard soaps. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1499 An advertisement for Sprite featuring two stop-motion animated mannequin heads on a beach who talk about the appeals of the product. A female vocalist sings a jingle about the crispness of Sprite over shots of the product being poured into a glass. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1500 An advertisement for Sprite in which two statue heads in a park discuss how bells go off each time someone opens a bottle of Sprite. A female voice sings a jingle over images of Sprite bottles in a cooler of ice. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1501 An advertisement for Sprite in which two head bust statues in a museum try to talk to a bottle of Sprite sitting on display next to them. A female voice sings a jingle over images of Sprite being poured into a glass of ice. Submitted for the Clio Awards. 
1502 An advertisement for Sprite in which offscreen narration and a jingle about the tart and crackly qualities of the product play over winter scenes of young people skiing, tobogganing, and sledding. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1503 An advertisement for Sprite in which a jingle plays over close-ups of the product being poured into and served from a party punch bowl. An offscreen male narrator describes the tart and tingling qualities of new Sprite & Spice flavor varieties. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1504 An advertisement for St. John's packaged bread in which a narrator traces the history of schwarzbrot to the brand's product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
1505 A public service announcement from Stag beer in which a group of elderly women collect and crush aluminum cans, while an offscreen male narrator describes how the company will pay one-half cent per can dropped off at Stag recycling centers. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1506 An advertisement for Standard Oil company in which a narrator describes the history of the company's development. Submitted for Clio Awards category Corporate.
1507 An advertisement for Standard Oil in which a narrator describes the company's commitment to drilling for oil across the globe over an animation of a person searching for these reserves. Submitted for Clio Awards category Corporate.
1508 An advertisement for Standard Oil products in which a narrator describes the company's endless search for oil resources across the globe over an animation. Submitted for Clio Awards category Corporate.
1509 An advertisement for Standard Oil petroleum products in which a narrator describes how Standard Oil laborers develop and test the petroleum used in cleaning detergents. Submitted for Clio Awards category Corporate.
1510 An advertisement for Standard Oil products in which a narrator describes the way oil affects American life over an animation of wheels turning using oil. Submitted for Clio Awards category Corporate.
1511 An advertisement for State Farm automobile insurance featuring clown Emmett Kelly's Weary Willie character going through a car wash in a car without a protective hood. An offscreen male narrator describes the benefits of State Farm policies. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1512 An advertisement for State Farm automobile insurance in which a company agent drives to work as a jingle plays. State Farm marketing appears in increasingly absurd places along his drive, including traffic lights, trains, people's shirts, and on a dog. A skywriter pilot speaks to the agent and apologizes for oversleeping. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1513 An advertisement for State Farm automobile insurance in which two parking attendants discuss the benefits of the company's policies. An aerial shot reveals that the attendants have arranged the cars in the lot to resemble the State Farm logo. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1514 An advertisement for State Farm automobile insurance where shots of cars on the road are edited to up tempo music. An offscreen male narrator describes the savings available for State Farm customers and a jingle plays. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1515 An advertisement for State Farm homeowners insurance in which two construction workers discuss the benefits of State Farm's plans while on the job. The final shot revels that the workers has been building a giant wooden State Farm display logo. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1516 An advertisement for State Farm Insurance in which an offscreen male narrator describes how every State Farm sign on roadways across the country represents a local company agent. The narrator explains the benefits of State Farm's nationwide network over an image of a map of the U.S. populated by company branches. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1517 An advertisement for Straw Hat Pizza Palace in California in which an offscreen male narrator urges the viewer to notice the employee uniforms and decor of a Straw Hat restaurant over a close-up time-lapse shot of a pizza baking in an oven. The narrator states that the viewer is only seeing the pizza because Straw Hat is "really in business for only one reason." One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
1518 An advertisement for Stroehmann packaged bread in which a man and girl look into the window of a house to find a family eating the brand's bread for lunch. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
1519 An advertisement for Stroh's Beer in which a group of young people, riding a tandem bike, cycle to a park to play various sports. A male voice sings a jingle about the Stroh's beer. A man talk to the camera about the product and pours a beer.
1520 An advertisement for Stroh's Beer in which a male voice, accompanied by music, sings a jingle while a group of young people go sledding in a toboggan. Then the young people are in a ski lodge as a man speaks to the camera about the product's fine flavor as a result of fire brewing.
1522 An advertisement for Stroh's Beer in which a group of people enjoy outdoor water sports, like water skiing. A male voice sings a jingle, then a man standing behind a boat pour himself a beer and talks about the product.
1523 Studebaker’s Gran Turismo Hawk is presented as America’s gift to Italy for all the classical arts and fashion Italy has given to the world. After fashionably dressed women reveal the Hawk, a couple show the Hawk fitting in with classical Roman architecture and the Italian environment.
1524 Young people dance around and sing about a Studebaker Lark.
1525 An advertisement for the Studebaker Lark automobile in which a narrator guides a Chaplin-esque silent performer through the model's functionalities. Submitted for Clio Awards category Autos.
1526 A military drill sergeant, a housekeeper, and an opera singer, sing about Success Floor Wax.
1527 A woman sings a jingle as stop motion animated flowers dance to the tune of the jingle. The flowers' honey tears form into graham crackers when hitting the ground. 

1528 An advertisement for Sunbeam packaged bread in which a boy plays in the woods and his mother serves him a sandwich made with the bread. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
1529 An advertisement for Sunbeam electric appliances in which a narrator describes several of the brand's products like kitchen appliances and heated blankets. Submitted for Clio Awards.
1530 An advertisement for Super Shell gasoline in which a male narrator explains a car race, called the Shell 4000 Rally, across Canada. Starting in Vancouver and ending in Montreal, two white cars and two black cars are pictured racing with a superimposed map showing their progress. In the end the white cars with Super Shell arrive in Montreal before the other cars.
1531 An advertisement for Supp-hose Stockings in which an offscreen male narrator describes the stockings and how they are appropriate for a variety of feminine roles, as a woman sitting in a chair models the product as the narrator lists the roles. The woman addresses the camera to talk about the product's economy and affordability. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1532 An advertisement for Supp-hose stockings in which a woman sits on a chair and models the product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
1533 An advertisement for Supp-hose stockings in which a jingle describes the product and a woman models it. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
1534 An advertisement for Supp-hose Stockings in which an offscreen male narrator describes the stockings while a woman sitting in a chair reacts and models the product. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1535 An advertisement for Supp-hose stockings in which a model poses in the product and a narrator describes it as the most sheer stocking on the market. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
1536 An advertisement for Supp-hose Stockings in which an offscreen male narrator describes the stockings and how they complement a variety of daily activities, such as walking the dog and growing a plant. A woman sitting in a chair models the product and addresses the camera to talk about the product's economy and affordability. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1537 An advertisement for Supp-hose stockings in which an offscreen male narrator repeatedly asks "How does she do it?" over shots of women performing various tasks. The narrator describes the product over images of a woman trying it on. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1538 An advertisement for Supp-hose stockings in which two women declare that they are wearing the product. An offscreen male narrator describes the product over images of a woman trying it on. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1539 An advertisement for Swans Down cream puff and eclair mix in which an offscreen narrator describes the product over close-up shots of cream puffs and eclairs being baked and covered with chocolate and vanilla toppings. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1540 A pair of slippers walk from a bedroom to a bathtub. When the slippers arrive at their destination the scene transitions to a woman taking a bath with Sweet Heart soap. A narrator talks about the benefits of using Sweet Heart soap. 
1541 A woman baths with Sweetheart Soap as a narrator explains the benefits of using the soap. The narrator also mentions Sweetheart Soap is either Lilac or Lemon scented.
1542 An advertisement for Swift Canadian Bacon in which two tins of meat are talking to each other filmed in stop motion. Then a male narrator talks about a variety of different meals that can be made with Swift bacon. A boy is pictured smelling bacon and floats up in the air and down into a chair at a kitchen table where he is served eggs and bacon. Dialogue and narration are in French.
1543 A narrator talks about the how quality of Swiss watches as an orchestra plays in the background. All the members of the orchestra wear Swiss watches. The narrator concludes the commercial by urging the audience to buy a Swiss watch for the upcoming holiday season.
1544 An advertisement for Tab diet cola in which an offscreen male narrator repeats how the product is sugar-free and only two calories over still images of the bottled product and a group of young men and women drinking it in a basement workshop. A jingle plays over an image of a case of Tab bottles. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1545 An advertisement for Tang powdered drink in which a boy consumes the product for energy. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
1546 An advertisement for Tareyton cigarettes in which a man who is buying a suit describes the product's dual filter with activated charcoal. Submitted for Clio Awards category Tobacco Products and Supplies.
1547 An advertisement for Tareyton cigarettes in which a narrator describes the flavor of the product and its dual filter. Submitted for Clio Awards category Tobacco Products and Supplies.
1548 An advertisement for Tareyton cigarettes in which a couple plays carnival games and a jingle plays describing Tareyton's dual filter. Submitted for Clio Awards category Tobacco Products and Supplies.
1549 An advertisement for Taubmans Gaylon silicone-based enamel paint in which an Australian drill sergeant is dismayed by a worker's use of the product to paint the rooms and weapons in the barracks in vibrant colors. Submitted for the Clio Awards International category. 
1550 An advertisement for Taystee packaged bread in which a man runs to the supermarket to buy fresh Taystee bread in the morning and a tie salesman tells him that he need not rush because the brand's bread stays fresh all day. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
1551 An advertisement for Teem soda in which an offscreen male vocalist sings a jingle over shots of the product being poured and displayed and the product logo being spelled onscreen. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1552 An advertisement for Teem soda in which offscreen vocalists sing a jingle over shots of the product being poured and displayed. The jingle emphasizes how lemon and lime "teamed up just right" for the product's flavor profile. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1553 An advertisement for Dupont Telar Anti-freeze in which a male narrator talks about the product while an animation of a car drives around and gets filled up with Telar. A jingle is heard announcing, "never, never, never again drain anti-freeze from your car again!"
1554 An advertisement for Telar anti-freeze in which an animated couple drive their car around while trying to remember a slogan for Dupont Telar anti-freeze. They drive past various signs advertising Telar before finally remembering the slogan. Finally, a male narrator speak about the product.
1555 Cartoon characters inform the viewer of the benefits commercials provide to the consumer. A narrator state how if a viewer sees a commercial with a National Association of Broadcaster seal it means that the television station follows the National Association of Broadcaster principal guidelines for commercials. 
1556 An advertisement for Tetley tea bags in which an animated man stands on a live-action table and describes the perforations in each tea bag. A group of other animated men perform a folk dance around a kettle while holding bags of tea. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
1557 A man goes fishing in the mountains and can reach his destination because he used Texaco.
1558 Footage of Dakar is shown as a male and female narrator read the French signs at a Texaco gas station.
1559 A man with a broken-down car is barraged with automotive suggestions of how to fix his car from the gathered crowd. The man ends up fixing his card by taking it to a Texaco service station. 
1560 An advertisement for Texaco Service petroleum products in which a narrator describes a historical shift in demand from kerosene to gas and how the company adapted to this change. Submitted for Clio Awards category Corporate.
1561 A narrator explains how Texaco petroleum and oil was vital for ensuring that the Niagara Falls hydroelectric dam was successfully constructed.
1562 A narrator proclaims how the future of Trinidad’s children are secure thanks to the abundant supply of oil off the coast of the island. The narrator explains how Texaco is helping the island by providing education and jobs for the Trinidadians
1563 A woman stops at a Texaco gas station in Ghana.
1564 A small woman struggles to find clothing in her size that is also fashionable. Her problems are solved when she went to the 5-7-9 store which had fashionable clothes in her size
1565 An advertisement for The Coca-Cola Company accompanied by the jingle "Things Go Better with Coke," which is sung by The Limelighters. The scene depicts young adults enjoying Coke while doing various activities on the beach.
1566 A French woman states how her husband thinks she is a good cook because she comes from France but it is actually because she uses Escoffier Sauce. She then shows how to make a baked fish recipe with Escoffier Sauce.
1567 People wearing Gap jeans perform various tasks in late 1970s America such as dancing, painting, and moving furniture. A song about Gap is sung in the background.
1568 An advertisement for The Hartford insurance in which an insurance agent talks about compensation with a business owner after a fire damages his bakery. The ad concludes with the bakery reopening for business one week later, with an offscreen narrator explaining how Hartford helped the baker cover repairs and profit losses. Submitted for the Clio Awards. 
1569 An advertisement for The Hartford insurance group in which an insurance agent talks to a woman following a burglary in her house. The ad concludes with an offscreen narrator describing how the homeowner was able to purchase replacements of her stolen items with her insurance compensation. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1570 An advertisement for The Hartford insurance group in which an offscreen male narrator describes the benefits of various insurance plans over scenes of a family spending time together outdoors in their yard. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1571 An advertisement for The Hartford insurance group in which a man narrates how Hartford's home, car, health, and life insurance plans make him feel protected. Footage plays of the man talking with his insurance agent about a tree branch that damaged his home awning. Submitted for the Clio Awards. 
1572 Depicts Ansel Adams and Beaumont Newhall, director of Eastman House in Rochester, New York, as they analyze the photographs of such distinguished artists as Edward Weston, Cartier-Bresson, Edward Steichen, Alfred Stieglitz, and others. Mr. Adams explains the development of his own philosophy of photo-poetry and how it has influenced his work.
1573 A montage of disasters is shown with an announcer stating that people can read about how to survive all the disasters in The Observer Magazine. 
1574 An advertisement for Phoenix Companies life insurance policies in which a man at a desk tries to resist the temptation to smoke a cigarette. An offscreen male narrator describes how the Phoenix Companies offer discounts on life insurance plans for clients who stop smoking or never smoke. One of the winners of the 1971 Clio Awards.
1575 An advertisement for the British newspaper The Sunday Times in which residents of an elder care facility begin partying and dancing after visitors leave. Submitted for the Clio Awards International category. 
1576 An advertisement for the Union Central Life Insurance Company in which a male narrator talks about the dangers of procrastinating too long on buying insurance policies. The narrator describes the role of risk in beginning insurance over scenes of a busy city street and a couple discussing insurance options with a Union Central agent. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1577 An advertisement for the United States National Bank of Omaha in which a narrator compares a bank user to early pioneers, and says that the pioneer of today saves his money at this organization. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
1578 An advertisement for the United States National Bank of Omaha in which a narrator compares a bank user to early pioneers, and says that the pioneer of today uses the bank to finance home improvement. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
1579 An advertisement for the United States National Bank of Omaha in which a narrator compares a bank user to early pioneers, and says that the pioneer of today uses the bank's checking accounts to manage business transactions. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
1580 An advertisement for the United States National Bank of Omaha in which a narrator compares a bank user to early pioneers, and says that the pioneer of today uses the bank to keep his money safe. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
1581 An advertisement for the United States National Bank of Omaha in which a narrator compares a bank user to early pioneers, and says that the pioneer of today uses the bank to finance home improvement. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
1582 An advertisement for the United States National Bank of Omaha in which a narrator compares a bank user to early pioneers, and says that the pioneer of today uses the bank's checking accounts to manage business transactions. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
1583 A public service announcement from the Wilderness Society in which a scene of forest wildlife is overlaid with audio of developers clearing trees. An offscreen male narrator reminds the viewer that "man does not live by development alone," while onscreen text provides information on how to order a free booklet on "the American wilderness." Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1584 Feet/shoes dance while a narrator sings.
1585 Five men are waiting for a late bus. The four men who bought Thom McAn affordable shoes are able to get a taxi instead. The fifth man who bought more expensive shoes couldn't afford a taxi and had to wait for the bus.
1586 An advertisement for Thom McAn's Cha Cha boots in which people wearing the shoes dance as an offscreen male vocalist sings a jingle. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1587 An advertisement for Thom McAn's line of The Duke and The Duchess footwear, in which two sets of feet (one wearing Duke shoes and the other wearing Duchess shoes) flirt with one another.  Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1588 "Thom Girls" model different Thom McAn shoes in a farm/country setting.
1589 An advertisement for Tic Tac mints in which a series of people (young ballerinas, men on a jog, and women at a gym) sing a jingle to the camera about how the product gives one a "bang out of life." An offscreen narrator notes how the mints are also available in cinnamon variety. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
1590 An advertisement for Tic Tac mints in which three sets of people (a man and woman painting at home, an adolescent girl and boy taking a break from tennis, and two middle-aged women at a hair salon) sing a jingle while enjoying the product. An offscreen male narrator declares that a cinnamon variety is now available over a close-up shot of the product. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
1591 An advertisement for a Timex wrist watch in which a male narrator, standing on a mountain in Banff, describes a 'torture test' while another man attaches a Timex Marlin watch to the side of a ski and films himself with a movie camera while skiing down a slope. The watch swing around and gets banged up but survives the 'test.'
1592 An advertisement for Tip Top packaged bread in which a woman serves the bread to her husband and son. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
1593 An advertisement for Tip Top packaged cakes in which an animated boy talks to his grandmother about the product while she gets trapped in a metal cage with a person in a gorilla costume. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
1594 In a commercial for the British Overseas Airways Corporation, scenes of Rome are shown as Italian music is played.
1595 An advertisement for Tonka toys in which a male narrator holding a toy truck addresses the camera about a previous Tonka commercial in which a child claimed their toy was broken by an elephant stepping on it. The narrator places the toy truck on the floor and has an elephant stand on it without breaking it. An ending title card boasts, "A toy shouldn't break just because a child plays with it." One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
1596 An advertisement for Tonka toy trucks in which two identical twin boys look over the toys in a shop and daydream about using them in an outdoor construction field. A jingle plays about how much boys like Tonka toys. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1597 An advertisement for Tonka toy trucks in which the toys are arranged to resemble an overhead helicopter shot of a factory parking lot. A narrator describes the Tonka factory in Mound, MN as the "trucking capital of the world" before walking into the lot holding a toy firetruck. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
1598 An advertisement for Totes stretch boots in which a man struggles to move through a large water puddle at a street corner without getting wet. An offscreen male narrator describes the flexibility and protective qualities of Totes boots as the man is shown wearing the product as he effortlessly walks through the puddle. One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
1599 A cartoon family of giraffes sing a song advertising the new Toy'R Us store that is opening in town.
1600 A cartoon family of giraffes drive to a Toy R Us amongst a Christmas winter landscape. A Christmas jingle plays in the background.
1601 An advertisement for Transogram's Flintstones Window Whacker game in which a young boy teaches a caveman and a talking ape to play the game by throwing balls at the toy's fake windows. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1602 An advertisement for Transogram's Seven-Up strategy board game in which a jingle set to the tune of the song "Shortnin' Bread" plays over shots of a family playing the game. An offscreen narrator describes some of the gameplay, and the Transogram logo on the game box becomes animated and speaks to the viewer. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1603 An advertisement for Travelers home insurance in which an offscreen male narrator describes homeowner insurance options over scenes of a home engulfed in a fire and a family rebuilding their house afterward. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1604 An advertisement for Travelers insurance in which an offscreen male narrator describes the benefits of a family protection plan over scenes of a family on a fishing trip. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1605 An advertisement for Travelers insurance in which an onscreen narrator describes the benefits of Travelers services at a Masters golf tournament. An animated umbrella hangs over people as they walk, symbolizing how they are protected under Travelers policies. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1606 A girl applies make up to her Tressy doll as well as dyeing the doll’s hair.  
1607 Poor children ask in their native language for help. Footage is shown of people’s plight around the world. The commercial concludes with the narrator asking the viewers to donate to their respective religious charity. 
1608 A husband and wife stand back-to-back as the announcer says that they think they have the perfect marriage but they now have another love. She walks outside to see the car in front of the house, the announcer describes the car as her new child. She’s wearing winter clothes and there’s snow on the ground. In the driver’s seat she’s smiling happily at the dashboard, then she maneuvers the car into a tight parking space. We see her husband look around a corner sneakily. We see him happily in the car with his winter clothes on and a hat. He drives the car around snowy streets in the neighborhood. The announcer mentions that the car isn’t a “gold-digger” in that it saves on gas. The husband and wife are together outside and she holds the top to a trash can as he throws away a greasing pan and she closes the lid on the trash can once its done. They both smile at each other and lock arms as they walk away. They stand in front of the house back-to-back with each other next to the car before turning around, smiling, and embracing each other. The price of $1845 for the car is listed in the ad. 
1609 An advertisement for Trushay lotion in which a male narrator extols the moisturizing qualities of the product for women sensitive to cold, sun, or detergents. Slow-motion shots of oil droplets are shown dropping into a body of water, representing the special moisturizing oils used in the product. Submitted for the Clio Awards. 
1610 A British advertisement for Tuf work boots in which a group of blue-collar working men perform a mock fashion show runway displaying various boots under the brand. An offscreen male narrator states that Tuf is for men who wouldn't be seen dead in ordinary work boots. One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
1611 An advertisement for Tums antacid in which a narrator describes the purpose of the product. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
1612 An advertisement for Tupperware that is narrated by a man. It begins by showing various produce absurdly outfitted with mechanical locks to express that "You can't put a lock on freshness, without Tupperware." The advertisement then displays that only Tupperware containers are able to lock in freshness and ends with a close-up of the Tupperware logo.
1613 An advertisement for Tussy Wash & Care beauty treatment in which a male narrator describes the product over images of a woman applying it and splashing water on her face in slow motion. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1614 A woman performs a frug dance in a nightclub as a narrator explains that Tussy Deodorant provides long lasting protection from sweat. 
1615 An advertisement for Tussy Filpstick in which a male narrator, accompanied by music, describes how the product contains lipstick at one end and eye shadow at the other end. An animated sequence shows the product illustrating pictures of eyes and lips. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1616 An advertisement for Tussy in which a female narrator describes different cosmetic products. The scene depicts a statue of a female head as a pair of hands exhibit Tussy's compact, lipstick, Flipstick (lipstick and complimentary eye shadow in one stick), and Enchante perfume. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1617 An advertisement for Tussy Midnight perfume in which a male voice sings a jingle as we see a bottle of Midnight perfume and a woman's hand putting out candles. The advertisement ends with a male and female voice expressing the seductive powers of Midnight Perfume. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1618 A klutzy nervous best man spills coffee on his tuxedo moments before the wedding. Tuxedo Junction was able to bring a replacement tuxedo before the wedding started.
1619 A jingle is sung of all the situations a person might drink a beer. Accompany footage of the different situations are shown.
1620 A public service announcement from the U.S. Department of the Interior in which audio of children singing about going to the beach overlays a scene of a deserted beach covered with trash, dead fish, and rats. An offscreen male narrator warns that "beaches should be for people," not rats. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1621 An advertisement for Keds children's shoes in which an animated clown named Kedso sings a jingle about the product while running along a circus train. The clown interacts with two live-action children and narrates about the product's cushioned insoles. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1623 An animated advertisement for U.S. Keds footwear in which a clown named Kedso discusses the qualities of the product on a stage. Two live-action children join Kedso and they dance and sing a jingle. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1624 An advertisement for U.S. Keds footwear in which an animated clown named Kedso sings a jingle about the product while at an amusement park. Two live-action children join Kedso at a carousel ride and declare how much they enjoy the shoes. Submitted for the Clio Awards.

1625 An advertisement for U.S. Keds footwear in which a narrator describes the product over shots of children and adults in various states of work and play. Submitted to Clio Awards for category Apparel.
1626 An advertisement for US Royal tires in which an athlete does deep knee bends in a split screen with a tire flexing. A male narrator explains how tires get worn out and build up heat when they flex. Then explains how new US Royal Low Profile tires flex less.
1627 An advertisement for US Royal tires in which two animated wrestlers are in a ring. They take turns putting each other in holds while one wrestler tells the other about the durability of US Royal tires. A car is seen driving over large potholes.
1628 An advertisement for U.S. Steel products in which a narrator describes how the company uses coal byproducts to create chemicals used in other industrial products. Submitted for Clio Awards category Corporate.
1629 An advertisement for U.S. Steel in which a narrator describes how company profits are used to improve the automobile and to further develop American industry. Submitted for Clio Awards category Corporate.
1630 An advertisement for U.S. Steel in which a narrator describes how steel has changed work and life on the ranch land of San Mateo, New Mexico, and laborers who are indigenous peoples of the U.S. build a fence and other equipment. Submitted for Clio Awards category Corporate.
1631 A cartoon salesman tries to sell a car company cheap steel from China. The car company executives reject the salesman’s for offering them low quality products.
1632 With the aid of a cartoon animation a narrator explains the benefits of buying United States saving bonds. 
1633 An advertisement for Colgate's Ultra Brite toothpaste in which a male reporter asks golf star Laura Baugh about her love life. An offscreen male narrator describes the sex appeal of the toothpaste over close-up shots of the product, an elderly woman looking shocked, and a title screen with the text "How's Your Love Life?" accompanied by a chorus. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
1634 Five men sing acappella about Crazy Eddie's stereo products in a bathroom.
1635 An advertisement for Uncle Ben's Rice packaged foods in which a woman opens her competing brand rice to find the "ghost of vanished flavor" and a narrator describes Uncle Ben's process of sealing in flavor. Submitted for Clio Awards category Packaged Foods.
1636 An advertisement for Uncle Sam toothpaste in which a man dressed as Uncle Sam sings a jingle over various absurdist scenes that feature a rock climber, oversized mouth and toothbrush props, a vampire, an inflatable shark, and an executioner. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
1637 An advertisement for Underwood Chicken Spread in which a small boy tells his siblings sitting around a table that he has convinced their mother to liven up their lunches by using the spread on their sandwiches and salads. The boy mispronounces the product's tagline "smorgasbord in a can," prompting his siblings to begin laughing. One of the winners of the 1973 Clio Awards.
1638 Two girls have a bragging contest between each other. When one girl brags about all the diseases she had the other girl respond by stating she has cerebral palsy.  
1639 Two sisters are having a tea party when their mother calls them for lunch. The older sister has to help her younger sister to the table due to her cerebral palsy.  At the end of the commercial a narrator asks the viewer to give to United Cerebral Palsy.
1640 A boy acts as a street policeman for other children. He stops traffic to allow a girl with cerebral palsy to pass. Robert Preston then walks on camera and explains to the viewer the medical hurdles cerebral palsy patients have to overcome. Preston ends the commercial by asking the viewers to donate to United Cerebral Palsy. 
1641 A narrator list all of the services United Way provides such as daycare for children and the elderly, family counseling, health services, recreation services, and keeping kids off the street. The narrator concludes by asking for a donation. 
1642 A public service announcement from the University of Toronto featuring a silent scroll of text discussing the problem of noise pollution and urging the viewer to contact the university's Pollution Probe to learn more. White screens accompanied by a noisy siren bookend the text scroll. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1643 An advertisement for an unknown bank in which a narrator instructs the viewer on the organization's Christmas savings club. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
1644 An advertisement for various products manufactured with American steel in which a female spokesperson talks about the US steel mark. Various products are displayed as she informs the audience to look for the logo on items in their favorite stores. The advertisement ends with a jingle, sung by a female voice, about the logo.
1645 Close up footage of different stainless-steel sinks is shown as a narrator explains the benefits of owning a stainless-steel sink. 
1646 An advertisement for Utica Club Beer in which a stop motion animation of three German beer steins are featured. One beer stein tells outlandish stories about him and the Kaiser but his nose grows longer the more lies he tells. As his nose grows he knocks over the other steins and then he speaks about the product and his nose shrinks
1647 An advertisement for Utica Club beer in which a man enters a bar in a town called Rome and asks for Budweiser, but the bartender tells him he must "do as the Romans do" and hands him a Utica Club instead.
1648 An advertisement for Utica Club beer in which a man cheers for the opposing team at a sporting event, then asks for a competitor's beer, but his companion hands him a Utica Club beer and he fits in with the group.
1649 An advertisement for Utica Club Beer in which a pair of talking beer steins ("Schultz" and "Uncle Rudolph") talk about how the beer is authentically German. The ad concludes with a female beer stein singing a jingle about how Utica Club ages beer "the natural way." Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1650 An advertisement for Vademecum toothpaste that is narrated by a man accompanied by music. The scene depicts a scientist named Sven Vademecum III who is experimenting on toothpaste tubes and how to get all the toothpaste out in a clean fashion. After observing a sardine can key he uses the concept at the end of a toothpaste tube. The scene ends with a close-up of the product and the tagline, "Neatness and clean teeth through science."
1651 The Valient is shown as being the preferred car of San Franciscans because of its ability to drive up steep inclines, navigate through tight curves and its low cost.
1652 An advertisement for Van Heusen men's shirts in which a man walks through a car wash wearing the product to demonstrate its "wash and wear" capabilities. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
1653 An advertisement for Van Heusen apparel in which a man walks out of the ocean on his way to an office building modeling the brand's line of men's shirts with "wash and ready" technology. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
1654 An advertisement for Van Heusen's men's shirts in which a woman describes why she likes her husband wearing the 417-style shirt. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
1655 An advertisement for Van Heusen collared shirts in which actor/singer Bert Parks wears the product and addresses the camera about its wrinkle-free qualities. The screen occasionally becomes wrinkled and crumpled up as he speaks. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1656 An advertisement for Van Heusen Century Vantalux shirts in which a narrator describes the product's permanent wash and wear design. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
1657 An advertisement for Van Heusen "Wash n' Wear" shirts with "Vanalux" narrated by a man. The scene depicts a man named George walking through a car wash with the shirt on and then putting the rest of his suit on and catching a bus. The scene ends with a montage of men wearing Van Heusen shirts with music and ends with a close-up of the logo.
1658 In order to prove that Van Heusen shirts hold up in the wash, a man washes his Van Heusen shirt by going through a car wash. 
1659 The commercial show how Vaseline can prevent and heal diaper rash. 
1660 An advertisement for Veep soda in which two animated young boys grab bottles of the product from a refrigerator and discuss how the drink does not spoil their appetites. A jingle and live-action footage of Veep bottles being opened and poured briefly punctuate the animation. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1661 A male and female narrator explain the benefits of Vel’s dish soap such as how it is softer than baby soaps and it cleans grease off of dishes. 
1662 An advertisement for Virginia Slims regular or menthol cigarettes that is geared toward women. The advertisement starts with a male narrator explaining that women gained their rights in 1920, including the right to smoke. The second half of the advertisement features a female narrator explaining the product as a modern looking woman smokes a Virginia Slim. The scene ends with a close-up of the product and a jingle that ends, "You've come a long, long way."
1663 A woman bathes in a bath with Vita bath soap. The woman states how the soap helps her to relax and stay clean. 
1664 A barber shop quartet sings about the benefits of Vitalis as different men have Vitalis placed in their hair while at a barber shop.

1665 A variety of men are shown fixing and combing their hair in front of mirrors and window reflections. A narrator states that men care about their hair and Vitalis is the best way to care for hair. 
1666 A wide variety of people are shown being satisfied with their hair when they use Vitalis hair product. 
1667 A man is attended to by several barbers. A narrator then explains how a person can ruin their entire look by skimping out on their hair care. The narrator then informs the audience how to best care for their hair including using Vitalis to style their hair. 
1668 A barber shop quartet sings about the benefits of Vitalis as different men have Vitalis placed in their hair while at a barber shop. 
1669 Men of all ages and occupation form a choir to sing about the benefits of Vitalis. 
1670 A man grooms his hair by counting each hair on his head and styling it hair by hair. A narrator then explains the better and easier way of styling hair is by using Vitalis Hair Tonic. 
1671 A narrator tells a man that a heavy man should pick a style that suits him.  The narrator then explains how Vitalis hair Tonic can help men with heavy faces regain some of their lost style. 
1672 A narrator informs a man that he can improve his hair by messaging his head and using Vitalis hair product. 
1673 A sculptor uses clay and a mannequin head to show different hair styles as a narrator explains how Vitalis can be used to improve anyone’s style. 
1674 A narrator tells a teenage boy that he can prevent dandruff if he uses Vitalis hair products. 
1675 An advertisement for Vitality shoes in which various men stop and gaze upon a woman wearing the shoes as she walks around town and goes on a date. An offscreen female voice sings a jingle and a male voice speaks over an ending title card about the product. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1676 An older butler delivers tea to a workman in overalls. The workman sips the tea and toasts his Volkswagen which is displayed in the middle of a lavish living room. The butler smiles at the vehicle too. A voice describes all the benefits of a Volkswagen truck. 
1677 A Volkswagen goes through a carwash. A narrator states that no one can tell the difference between a new and old Volkswagen as long as you wash it occasionally. 
1678 The car is driving in the dark and all we see at first are the headlights. As it drives there are flashes of light that display more of it. It begins to rain and the car drives on unencumbered. An announcer talks about the vehicle and in the end we see its gotten through the storm and is driving off on a clear road as the sun rises. Drumbeats accompany the full ad in the background. 
1679 Volkswagen "Search" - Someone is walking up stairs very heavy footed with dramatic music accompanying the ascent. The announcer talks about how if you are looking for a car that can hold nine people and is great value then you are looking for a Volkswagen. We see these questions and 'Searching?' on a wall in italics as a spotlight highlights them before we see Volkswagen written capitalized in non-italics. The exterior and interior of a Volkswagen truck are featured, and the key for a Volkswagen which has the logo of the company on it is also featured. 

Renault Dauphine "Last Word" - A woman's voice says several key terms to describe the Renault in French and the male announcer translates them into English and goes into further descriptions. The announcer talks about how the car is good for parking, French, and has room for people and packages in the front of the car. We see a brunette woman with a child driving the car. Given price at $1645 at port of entry in New York and we are told it has 40 miles on a gallon. Renault Dauphine in writing is displayed over a map of the USA. 
1680 A man drives a Volkswagen through snowy rural roads so that he can get to his snowplow truck and plow the roads. 
1681 A spotlight shines on a Volkswagen as an announcer reveals that the Volkswagen appearance has remain unchanged for ten years while internally it has been constantly improved. 
1682 An advertisement for a Volkswagen pick up in which the vehicle drives in circles around a town's main street. Submitted for Clio Awards category Autos.
1683 An advertisement for Volkswagen narrated by a man. The scene depicts a snowplow driver driving his Volkswagen Beetle through a dark, snowy morning on unplowed roads to reach his snowplow.
1684 An advertisement for a Volkswagen sedan in which a narrator describes why a woman loves her Volkswagen. Submitted for Clio Awards category Autos.
1685 An advertisement for1965 Volkswagen car in which a male child narrator describes his father's new car with bigger windows as a hand drawn animation of the car moves around.
1686 A man counts the seven doors on a Volkswagen. 
1687 A Volkswagen truck drives through a deserted desert. The narrator explains that the Volkswagen doesn’t overheat because of its air cool engine. 
1688 An advertisement for Volvo in which a man sitting inside a Volvo car addresses the camera and discusses the strength of the vehicle's steel pillars. The man exits the car to show a stack of other cars being continually stacked on top of the Volvo, demonstrating its sturdiness. One of the winners of the 1971 Clio Awards.
1689 A cartoon car turns into a vicious beast that starts to eat the car owner’s home and cost the owner more money in repairs. The man trades in his beast car for a Volvo which doesn’t need repairs. The man and his wife are then able to invest money into fixing and upgrading their house instead of spending money on their car. 
1690 An advertisement for Wall's Fizz Bang fizzy lollipops in which a jingle plays over various slapstick shots of children dancing, running, and eating lollipops in an early 20th-century urban environment. One of the winners of the 1975 Clio Awards.
1691 An advertisement for Warner's bras in which the product is shown to stretch in various ways. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
1692 A man talks about the different types of suburban homes that Wausau can make. Wausau can also build a family a home that reflects their needs and price.
1693 A man explains that Wausau homes are built with quality products and are priced fairly.
1694 A woman is shocked that a person used to be heavy.
1695 Family members, friends and coworkers compliment a person for looking thin and in shape.
1696 An advertisement for Wembley ties in which a jingle plays as a man tries on the product and a woman stands intrigued next to him. A male narrator addresses the camera about Wembley's new "muted hues" product line. Submitted for the Clio Awards.

1697 An advertisement for Wembley ties in which an animated valet describes losing his job after his employer discovers the Wembley guide matching ties to suit color. Submitted for Clio Awards category Apparel.
1698 Wesson vegetable oil is presented as being the ideal alternative to traditional shorting.
1699 A narrator explains how a specialized airplane built by Westinghouse is able to broadcast educational television shows to children across Indiana. 
1700 An advertisement for Westinghouse light bulbs in which a man and a woman are in bed at night. The woman asks the man to turn off the lamp. He tries to turn it off and unplugs the lamp but the light bulb stays lit. The woman tells "Henry" to turn it off again and again. The man hides the bulb in the in a box and in a closet. The bulb stays lit. Dialogue and narration are in French. 
1701 An advertisement for Westinghouse appliances including washing machine, stove, dryer, refrigerator, and dishwasher. Advertisements features cast of "I Love Lucy." Ricky appears on screen talking to Fred about what they remember about the year 1949. Then Lucy and Ethel are in an appliance store looking at 1959 Westinghouse appliances with marked with 1949 prices. The spokesperson, Betty Furness, gives a through description of each appliance and various upgrades since 1949, ending by saying, "You can be sure, if it's Westinghouse."
1702 A narrator explains how the United States Navy has been utilizing Westinghouse’s nuclear engines in all their nuclear powered ships. The narrator concludes the commercial by reassuring the audience that they can sleep peacefully knowing that their shores are protected with Westinghouse products.
1703 An advertisement for Westinghouse light bulbs in which Westinghouse spokesperson, Betty Furness, stands in a living room and describes the newly shaped light bulb and ends by saying, "You can be sure, if it's Westinghouse."
1704 An advertisement for Westinghouse Empress Laundromat and Dryer in which spokesperson, Betty Furness, gives a through description of the compact 25-inch washer machine and dryer. Advertisement starts with an image of the New York City skyline with test reading, "BIG NEWS FOR NEW YORK.". The spokesperson discusses the challenges of living in a small apartment but the new Westinghouse machines are smaller and can stack. She ends by saying, "You can be sure, if it's Westinghouse."
1705 An advertisement for a Westinghouse dishwasher in which Fred, from the cast of the TV show "I Love Lucy," washes dishes with Little Ricky. Little Ricky asks Fred why he doesn't use a dishwasher. Fred complains. Then Westinghouse spokesperson, Betty Furness, speaks about the portable dishwasher and ends by saying, "You can be sure, if it's Westinghouse."
1706 An advertisement for Westinghouse in which spokesperson, Betty Furness, starts by interviewing a woman with children outside of a grocery store in Pearl River, NY. The woman says she does not have enough space to keep her groceries and meat cold for more than a few days. Then the spokesperson in a kitchen demonstrates then large storage capacity of the Westinghouse refrigerator, including the meat keeper which keeps meat fresh for 7 days and ends by saying, "You can be sure, if it's Westinghouse."
1707 An advertisement for a Westinghouse refrigerator in which Fred and Ethel, from the cast of the TV show "I Love Lucy," discuss the frost in their freezer. Then they go to a sound stage to check out the new Westinghouse refrigerator with spokesperson Betty Furness. Fred inspects the new freezer with a magnifying glass then waits and waits before inspecting it again revealing it's frost free. Betty Furness ends by saying, "You can be sure, if it's Westinghouse."
1708 White Horse Scotch and Whiskey is poured into different glasses and drinks at different social environments. 
1709 An advertisement for White Owl cigars set in a French street cafe with French music. The scene depicts an American couple at a table who are interrupted by a French man who is taken by the smell of the White Owl cigar the man is smoking, the woman had initially thought the French man was coming onto her.
1710 A couple are sitting at a French café when a Frenchman begins to eye them causing the wife to be unsettle. When the Frenchman approaches the table the thing, he was eyeing was the White Owl cigars the man was smoking. 
1711 A narrator recites a couple of lines from the Charge of the Light Brigade and recounts how throughout British military history soldiers carried a Wilkinson sword. The narrator then states how Wilkinson razors have inherited the same quality as the swords they produce.  
1712 A tour of a museum reveals the prominent figures and soldiers that have carried Wilkinson swords throughout history. A narrator explains that Wilkinson’s tradition of quality sword making has carried on to their production of razorblades. 
1713 A man receives a distress call from someone stuck on the side of a cliff. The man race across difficult terrain in his Jeep. The man rescues the person from cliff by using the winch on his Jeep.
1714 The commercial shows which Jeeps were used in the movie "Hatari!". The commercial portrays the different Jeeps as actors that were cast for specific roles and worked with the movie stars John Wayne, Red Buttons, and Elsa Martinelli. The Jeeps are shown in several movie clips driving across Tanzanian and herding animals.
1715 A man and woman sing a jingle about Winston cigarettes. Accompanying the jingle is a stop motion animation of a male and female matchbox dancing around Winston cigarettes. 
1716 An advertisement for Winston cigarettes in which a jingle describes the product's taste over an animation of the box and a cartoon xylophone. Submitted for Clio Awards category Tobacco Products and Supplies.
1717 An advertisement for Winston cigarettes in which a jingle plays over an animation describing the product's filter and taste. Submitted for Clio Awards category Tobacco Products and Supplies.
1718 Wish-Bone Chianti and Burgundy salad dressing are associated with fine Chianti and Burgundy wine.
1719 Wish-Bone Chianti and Burgundy salad dressing are stated to be on par with old world gourmet cooking. There are several shots of the dressing being poured onto salads.
1720 A typewriter types different punctuations as the narrator calls for the the audience to punctuate their salads with Wish-Bone Italian Dressing.
1721 A typewriter types different punctuations as the narrator calls for the the audience to punctuate their salads with Wish-Bone Italian Dressing.
1722 A cartoon of a boy, who pronounces his r as w, asking a pompous store clerk for Wishbone Russian Dressing. The dressing is advertised as making children want to eat their greens.
1728 A family has a blast as they test out products at the various departments in Woolco. A Woolco theme song plays in the background.
1729 An advertisement for World Book Encyclopedia that is narrated by a man. The scene depicts eleven eggs that have the faces of historical figures painted on them, such as Ludwig van Beethoven and Joe Louis, with corresponding audio clips. The final egg represents Earth and the narrator says, "The sum of man kinds knowledge, unscrambled to make an encyclopedia children want to read..." The scene ends with a close-up of World Book Encyclopedias.
1730 A narrator tells the audience of the 65 cent per pound hams available at Wrigley’s. Close up footage of a ham slowly roasting is shown while the narrator speaks.  
1731 A salesman tells the audience the result of competition amongst supermarket has cause Wrigley to sell Green Giant cans at the low price of 9 cents. He concludes by saying the consumer is the real winner in this price war.
1732 A salesman tells the audience the result of competition amongst supermarket has cause Wrigley to sell Libby’s can corn and peas at the low price of 13 cents. He concludes by saying the consumer is the real winner in this price war. 
1733 An advertisement for the WSBK-TV station in Boston in which shots of workers preparing a baseball stadium, viewers turning on their TV sets, and TV production teams getting ready in their studios are edited rapidly to music. A pitcher for the Boston Red Sox begins the game as onscreen text displays "Keep Your Sox On." One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
1734 An advertisement for Xerox 3103 copy machines in which an orchestra conductor uses the product to make copies of sheet music for his musicians. Narration in Japanese. Submitted for the Clio Awards International category. 
1735 An advertisement for the Xerox 9200 copy machine in which a monk is shown painstakingly duplicating a manuscript by hand. When he is ordered to produce 500 more copies of the manuscript, the monk takes the page to a copy store, where an offscreen male narrator describes the features of the Xerox copier. One of the winners of the 1976 Clio Awards.
1736 An advertisement for Yellow Pages phone book in which a dog jumps on a bed and collapses it, and a narrator says to look in the Yellow Pages for a solution. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
1737 A man and a woman caress as a phone rings in the background. The narrator states how angel skin hand lotion will make young hands which are more fun and attractive.
1738 An advertisement for Your National Bank in which an animated father contemplates taking out a loan to purchase a new television after being crowded by his children. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
1739 An advertisement or Your National Bank in which an animated boy takes his piggy bank to the bank teller and it winks at him. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
1740 An advertisement for Your National Bank in which an animated couple stands near an art sculpture and wonders what the figure thinks is the greatest time saver in history, to which the narrator replies that it is one of the bank's checking accounts. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
1741 An advertisement for Your National Bank in which an animated woman asks her husband why they don't have a car like the neighbors and he considers a loan for a new vehicle. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
1742 An advertisement for Your National Bank in which an animated couple sits in a freezing car they consider a loan for a new vehicle. Submitted for Clio Awards category Banks.
1743 An advertisement for Yuban ground coffee in which a man sits on top of a can of the product to demonstrate how big it is. Submitted for Clio Awards category Short Spots.
1744 An advertisement for Yuban Coffee and Yuban Instant Coffee in which a male narrator, speaking in French, describes various elegant fine dining items and other objects. A butler pours two cups of coffee.
1745 A Christmas commercial where diamond jewelry decorates a snowy landscape.
1746 A group of soon to be fathers attend a class where they learn how to change a baby’s diaper. The instructor explains the benefits and how to apply Z.B.T. Baby Powder. 
1747 A young couple go fishing. The fishing footage is interrupted by a scene of the woman taking a shower with Zest soap. Throughout the commercial a jingle is sung about Zest and a narrator explains the benefits of using Zest. 
1748 An advertisement for Zest soap in which a stream of thick lather flows out of a box of the product as a jingle plays. An offscreen male narrator describes the shampoo-like lather and deodorizing qualities of the product over shots of a woman using it in the shower. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1749 An advertisement for Zest deodorant soap in which an offscreen chorus sings a jingle over a scene of a woman laughing with two men on a sailboat. An offscreen male narrator describes the qualities of Zest over shots of the woman taking a shower using the product. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1750 A woman takes a shower and wash herself with Zest Soap. As she takes her shower advertisements are projected onto her skin. 
1751 A woman mimics an opera performance as she showers with Zest Soap.
1752 An advertisement for Zest soap in which a woman in voiceover narration describes the shampoo-like lather of the product as she uses it during a shower. Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1753 An advertisement for Zest soap in which a woman taking a bath describes how the product deodorizes and produces a rich lather on the skin. The woman's telephone rings and she answers, noting how Zest soap makes one "irresistible." Submitted for the Clio Awards.
1754 An advertisement for Zesta packaged saltine crackers in which a woman wonders why the younger generation makes everything smaller and her dog tells her that there are now more packages of crackers in Zesta boxes, meaning more crackers in one box. Submitted for Clio Awards category Baked Goods.
1755 An instructional animated commercial which shows a French man impressing a French woman, named Eve, by wearing Zizanie Cologne. 
1756 An advertisement for Zuban Auslese cigarettes depicting an animated train that spells the brand name. Submitted for Clio Awards category Tobacco Products and Supplies.
1757 The commercials shows a mother and son at different stages of life and encourages the viewer to go to Zyre to get their picture taken.
